Skip to main content
 
Texts
 
Video
 
Audio
 
Software
 
Images
Sign up for free
Log in
 Search metadata
 Search text contents
 Search TV news captions
 Search radio transcripts
 Search archived web sites
Advanced Search
About Blog Projects Help Donate  Contact Jobs Volunteer People
Full text of "Education Directory,colleges Amp Universities 1980-81"
See other formats
■*/ ^■1 

|| 



■yp 




WW^m J; ■ ■ Ka 1 ■ 


;ilpig§g«nj^ /> 

.^r. : 'iBHS^^^^0Hs»iHlBG9ii 


■il 



rfi 

t a 


3,S1 







cmi mm * 

nmsmes 

198081 


by 

Carolyn R. Smith 
and 

Geneva C. Davis 
National Center for 
Education Statistics 





U.S. Department of Education 
Shirley M. Hufstedler 
Secretary 

Office of Educational Research and Improvement 
F. James Rutherford 
Assistant Secretary 

National Center for Education Statistics 

Marie D. Eldridge 

Administrator 



National Center for Education Statistics 

"The purpose of the Center shall be to collect and 
disseminate statistics and other data related to 
education in the United States and in other nations. 
The Center shall . . . collect, collate, and, from time 
to time, report full and complete statistics on the 
conditions of education in the United States; conduct 
and publish reports on specialized analyses of the 
meaning and significance of such statistics; . . . and 
review and report on education activities in foreign 
countries."--Section 406(b) of the General Education 
Provisions Act, as amended (20 U.S.C. 1221e-1). 




e 1980-81 edition of this annual Directory lists institutions in the United States and 
s outlying areas that are legally authorized to offer and are offering at least a one- 
ar program of college— level studies leading toward a degree. The requirements and 
iteria for listing are stated in detail in the Introduction. 

e information presented for eac^h institution includes its telephone area code and number, 
dress (including the ZIP code), congressional district and county in which it is located, 
CE identification code, entity number, date established, fall 1979 enrollment, under- 
aduate tuition and fees, sex of student body (men, women, coed, or coordinate), calendar 
stem, control or affiliation, highest level of offering, type of program, accreditation, 
mes and titles of principal officers, and a coded classification of principal officers 

functional area of responsibility. 

order to expedite publication of this Directory, institutions were asked to respond no 
ter than November 21, 1980. Due to this earlier date, we regret certain institutions 
re not updated and have been so designated in the Directory listing. Further explana- 
3n of this may be found in the Methodology section of the Introduction. 

Ls publication was prepared jointly by the Division of Eligibility and Agency Evalua- 
m (DEAE) of the Office of Postsecondary Education (OPE) and the University and College 
rveys and Studies Branch (UCSSB) of the Division of Postsecondary and Vocational Educa- 
)n Statistics (DPVES) of the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES). DEAE 
3 sole responsibility for the certification of the eligibility and accreditation of 
stitutions for inclusion in this Directory; UCSSB, for all other aspects of the survey 
which the publication is based. 

would like to express our appreciation, especially, to the officials of the institutions 
higher education whose responses made the Directory possible and to the coordination 
ricials of the State education agencies who assisted in the data collection and the 
solution of inconsistencies. 


tncis V. Corrigan 
sistant Administrator 
■ision of Postsecondary and 
r ocational Education Statistics 


Paul F. Mertins 
Chief 

University and College Surveys 
and Studies Branch 


January 1981 



This publication was made possible by the cooperative endeavors of large numbers of 
persons in the National Center for Education Statistics and in the Office of Post- 
Secondary Education. Persons who made contributions are worthy of particular note are 
Mr. Joseph M. Hardman and Mrs. Margaret W. Hansley of the Division of Eligibility and 
Agency Evaluation who provided the certification of the eligibility and accreditation 
of institutions for inclusion in this Directory. 

Basic survey work was conducted under contract by VSE Corporation under the overall 
direction of Jack Z. Moore. Working on the survey were James P. Lurz , Henretta J. 
Splain, and Rita S. Larrabee. 



Additional information about this report is available from Mrs. Carolyn R. Smith or 
Mrs. Geneva C. Davis, National Center for Education Statistics, 400 Maryland Avenue 
SW. , Washington, D.C. 20202, telephone (301) 436-6425. 

Information about the Center's statistical program and a catalog of NCES publications 
may be obtained from the Statistical Information Office, National Center for Education 
Statistics, 1001 Presidential Building, 400 Maryland Avenue SW. , Washington, D.C. 20202 
telephone (301) 436-7900. 

Inquiries for survey forms and for related computer products, including computer tapes, 
and printouts should be directed to Data Systems Branch, National Center for Education 
Statistics, 1001 Presidential Building, 400 Maryland Avenue SW. , Washington, D.C. 20202 
telephone (301) 436-7944. ’ 


iv 



Contents 


Foreword 

How to Obtain More Information . ... 

Introduction 

Criteria for Listing in This Directory 

Accreditation 

Nationally Recognized Accrediting Agencies and Associations 

Preaccredited Status 

Arrangement of Data ° , 

Explanation of Data . 

FICE Identification Code 

Entity Number 

Date of Establishment 

Student Body 

Enrollment ’ . ’ ] ’ ] * ’ ° ' 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees 

Control or Affiliation !!*.!!!!!!! 

Calendar System 

Highest Level of Offering 

Type of Program 

Administrative Officers 

Methodology . e 0 „ , . 0 0 , 

Abbreviations 

Symbols 

Index 

Institutions , by State [[]][[[ [[[[.[ 

Appendixes : 

A. Changes, 1980-81 

1. Institutions and Offices Added . 

la. Branch Campuses Added 

2. Institutions and Offices Dropped or Included with 

Other Institutions 

2a, Branch Campuses Dropped or Included with 

Other Institutions 

3. Institutions Reclassified 

3a. Branches Reclassified 

4. Institutions and Offices Listed Under .New Names .... 
4a. Branch Campuses Listed Under New^Names ........ 

5. Institutions and Offices Listed in New Locations ... 


Page 

iii 

iv 

vii 

vii 

vii 

viii 

xii 

xiii 

xiv 

xiv 
xv 
xv 
xv 
xv 

xvi 

xv i 
xvii 
xvii 

xviii 

xviii 

xix 

XX 

XX 

XX 

1 


475 

475 

479 

479 

481 

482 
482 
482 
485 
485 



Page 


B. Statewide Agencies for Postsecondary Education 

(Colleges and Universities) 

C. Higher Education Associations 

Dt Consortia of Institutions of Higher Education 

E. Reproduction of Questionnaire Form 

F. Reproduction of Sample Computer Printout ...... 

0. Abbreviations 

H. FICE Codes 

"All-Campuses" FICE Codes 

2. "All-Institutions" FICE Codes 

1. FICE Code Changes 

J. Administrative Officers Descriptions and Codes 
Index . , . „ 


487 

499 

509 

521 

529 

531 

537 

537 

541 

543 

545 

5 51 



Introduction 

Criteria for Listing in This Directory 


This Directory lists institutions in the 
United States and its outlying areas 
(American Samoa, the former Canal Zone, 
Guam, Northern Marianas Islands, Puerto 
Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the Trust 
Territory of the Pacific Islands) that 
meet the following requirements: 

(1) They are legally authorized to offer 
and are offering at least a one-year 
program of college-level studies 
leading toward a degree; 

(2) They have submitted the information 
required for listing; and 

(3) They meet one of the following 
criteria for listing: 

A. . The institution is accredited 

at the college level by an 
agency that has been listed as 
nationally recognized by the 
Secretary of Education; JV 

B. The institution holds preaccre- 
dited status at the college 
level with a designated nation- 
ally recognized accrediting 
agency; 2J 

C. If the institution is public or 
nonprofit, it has qualified under 
the "three-institutional-certi- 
fication method'* established 

by Section 1201 (a) (5) (B) of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965* 
By this method, the Secretary 
of Education verifies that not 
fewer than three accredited 
college-level institutions have 
accepted and do accept an unac- 
credited institution's credits, 

-*• ■»- 

*See list under "Accreditation". 

2 See definitions under "Preaccredited Status" on page xii. 


upon transfer, as though corning 
from an institution accredited 
by a nationally recognized accre 
diting agency. 

’’College-level*' means a postsecondary 
associate, baccalaureate, post-baccalau- 
reate, or rabbinical education program. 

Institutions listed in the Directory are 
asked periodically to reestablish their 
eligibility for listing. 


Accreditation 

The responsibility for the control or 
supervision of educational institutions 
in the United States is not concentrated 
at any single level of government or in 
any public or private body or agency. 
Varying degrees of control are exercised 
by each State, but institutions of higher 
education operate with considerable auto- 
nomy and self-governance. Therefore, 

U.S. educational institutions vary widely 
in the character and quality of their 
programs. 

A unique feature of U.S. educational 
practice is the process known as accredi- 
tation, which includes voluntary self- 
evaluation by a school and appraisal by 
a group of its peers. This process 
operates through nationally recognized 
accrediting agencies and associations 
and certain State bodies. These agencies 
or associations have established educa- 
tional criteria to evaluate institutions 
in terms of tl * 
ascertain whet 
quality are be 


vii 



st £ v ide institutions with continued 
acc for improvement to insure that 

edited status may serve as an authen- 
index of educational quality. 

Nationally Recognized Accrediting 
Agencies and Associations 

Tti^i 

q ui S. Secretary of Education is re- 

by statute to publish a list of 
arij ^ ^ Anally recognized accrediting agencies 
Associations which the Secretary 
CQ determined to be reliable authorities 
t c ^rning the quality of education or 
£ F ci ^Aing offered by educational institu- 
tes or programs. In order to carry 
U " tfiis recognition function, the Secre- 
tairy has established criteria for listing 
nat j tonally recognized accrediting agencies 
and associations. The Advisory Committee 
on Accreditation and Institutional Eligi- 
tity assists the Secretary in determining 
wrn ch accrediting bodies should be listed. 
Acoiroditing bodies that achieve initial 
recognition are reviewed at least every 
four* years thereafter. 


Regional Accrediting Commissions - 

Institutions with liberal arts and general 
programs and, in some cases, those with 
special programs may be accredited by an 
accrediting commission of one of six 
regional associations of colleges and 
schools. Regional accreditation applies 
to tile entire institution. It signifies 
tha t each of the constituent parts of 
an institution is contributing to the 
achievement of the institution's objec- 
tive « s although not necessarily all on 
the same level of quality. 

The ire cognized regional commissions are 
indicated throughout this Directory by 
the following abbreviations: 

EH New England Association of Schools 

and Colleges, Commission on Insti- 
tutions of Higher Education 

EV Ngw England Association of Schools 

and Colleges, Commission on Voca- 
tional, Technical, Career Institutions 


M Middle States Association of 

Colleges and Secondary Schools, 
Commission on Higher Education 

NH North Central Association of 

Colleges and Schools, Commission 
on Institutions of Higher Education 

NW Northwest Association of Schools 

and Colleges, Commission on Colleges 

SC Southern Association of Colleges 

and Schools, Commission on Colleges 

WC -Western Association of Schools and 

Colleges, Accrediting Commission 
for Senior Colleges and Universities 

WJ Western Association of Schools and 

Colleges, Accrediting Commission 
for Community and Junior Colleges 

JEH, JM, JNH, JNW , JSC, or JWC 

Indicates a 4-year college accre- 
dited by the regional association 
as junior college. 

National Institutional and Specialised 
Accrediting Bodies - 

Specialized accreditation normally applies 
to evaluation of programs , departments or 
schools which usually are parts of a 
total collegiate or other postsecondary 
institution. The unit accredited may be 
as large as a college or school within a 
university or as small as a curriculum 
within a discipline. Most of the special- 
ized accrediting agencies review units 
within a postsecondary institution which 
is accredited by one of the regional 
accrediting commissions. However, certain 
of the specialized accrediting agencies 
do accredit professional schools and 
other specialized vocational or other 
postsecondary institutions which are 
independent in their operations. Thus, 
a specialized or programmatic accrediting 
agency may also function in the capacity 
of an institutional accrediting agency. 

In addition, a number of specialized 
accrediting agencies accredit educational 
program within non-educational settings, 
such as hospitals. 


viii 



Professional and specialized schools and 
programs are accredited by the following 
nationally recognized agencies and 
associations : 

ADNUR National League for Nursing: 

associate degree program in 
nursing 

ADVET American Veterinary Medical 

Association: associate degree 
Program in animal technology 

ANEST American Association of Nurse 

Anesthetists, Council on 
Accreditation: nurse anesthesia 

APCP American Medical Association, 

Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
assistant to the primary care 
physician 

ARCH National Architectural Accre- 

diting Board: architecture 


CLPSY 

COPSY 

CYTO 


DA 


DENT 


DH 


American Psychological Associ- 
ation: clinical psychology 

American Psychological Associ- 
ation: counseling psychology 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
cytotechnology 

American Dental Association, 
Commission on Accreditation of 
Dental and Dental Auxiliary 
Programs: dental assistant 

American Dental Association, 
Commission on Accreditation of 
Dental and Dental Auxiliary 
Programs: dentistry 

American Dental Association, 
Commission on Accreditation of 
Dental and Dental Auxiliary 
Programs: dental hygiene 


ART 


AUD 

BBT 


BI 

BUS 


National Association of Schools 
of Art, Commission on Accredi- 
tation and Membership: art 

American Speech, Language, and 
Hearing Association: audiology 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
specialist in blood bank 
technology 

American Association of Bible 
Colleges: Bible college education 

American Assembly of Collegiate 
Schools of Business: business 


American Dietetic Association: 
dietetics 

American Dietetic Association: 
dietetic internships 

American Dental Association, 
Commission on Accreditation of 
Dental and Dental Auxiliary . 
Programs: dental laboratory 
technician 

Engineers’ Council for Profes- 
sional Development: engineering 

Engineers' Council for Profes- 
sional Development: engineering 
technology 


DIET 

DIETI 

DT 

ENG 

ENGT 


CHE 


CHIRO 


CHPM 


Council on Education for Public FIDER 

Health: community health 
education (graduate degree) 

Council on Chiropractic Educa- 
tion, Commission on Accredita- FOR 

tion: chiropractic education 

Council on Education for Public FUSER 

Health: community health, preven- 
tive medicine (graduate degree) 


foundation for Interior Design 
Education Research: interior 
design education; professional 
and technical programs 

Society of American Foresters: 
forestry 

American Board of Funeral Ser- 
vice Education: funeral service 
education 


ix 



HSA 


HT 


IPSY 


JOUR 


JRCB 


LAW 


LIB 


LSAR 


MAAB 


MAC 


MED 


MEDB 


Accrediting Commission on 
Education for Health Services 
Administration: health services 
administration 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
histologic technician 

American Psychological Associ- 
ation: internships in clinical 
and counseling psychology 

American Council on Education 
for Journalism, Accrediting 
Committee: journalism 

Association of Independent 
Colleges and Schools, Accrediting 
Commission: private junior 
college of business 

American Bar Association, 

Section of Legal Education and 
Admissions to the Bar: law 

American Library Association, 
Committee on Accreditation: 
librarianship 

American Society of Landscape 
Architects: landscape archi- 
tecture 

Accrediting Bureau of Health 
Education Schools: medical 
assistant 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
medical assistant 

American Medical Association 
and Association of American 
Medical Colleges, Liaison 
Committee on Medical Education: 
medicine 

American Medical Association 
and Association of American 
Medical Colleges, Liaison 
Committee on Medical Education: 
basic medical science 


American Association for Marriage 
and Family Therapy Education, 
Commission on Accreditation for 
Marriage and Family Therapy: 
marriage and family counseling 
(clinical) 


MFCD 


MICB 


MLTAB 


MLTAD 


MLTC 


MRA 


MRT 


MT 


MUS 


American Association for Marriage 
and Family Therapy Education, 
Commission on Accreditation for 
Marriage and Family Therapy: 
marriage and family counseling 
(graduate degree) 

American Academy of Microbiology, 
Committee on Postdoctoral Educa- 
tional Programs: microbiology 

Accrediting Bureau of Health 
Education Schools: medical 
laboratory technician 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
medical laboratory technician 
(associate degree) 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
medical laboratory technician 
(certificate) 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
medical record administrator 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
medical record technician 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
medical technologist 

National Association of Schools 
of Music: music 


NATTS 


National Association of Trade 
and Technical Schools: associ- 
ate and baccalaureate degree 
programs 


x 



NMT 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
nuclear medicine technologist 

RAD 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 
radiologic technologist 

NUR 

National League for Nursing: 
baccalaureate and higher degree 
program in nursing 

RSTH 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 

OPT 

American Optometric Association, 


respiratory therapist 

OSTEO 

Council on Optometric Education: 
optometry 

RSTHT 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 

American Osteopathic Associa- 
tion, Office of Osteopathic 


respiratory therapy technician 

OT 

Education: osteopathic medicine 

RTT 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 


Education and Accreditation: 
radiation therapy technologist 


occupational therapy 

SCPSY 

American Psychological Associ- 

PH 

Council on Education for Public 


ation: school psychology 

PHAR 

Health: public health 

SP 

American Speech, Language, 
and Hearing Association: 

American Council on Pharma- 
ceutical Education: pharmacy 

SRCB 

speech pathology 

Association of Independent 

PNE 

National Association for Prac- 
tical Nurse Education and 

Service: practical nursing 


Colleges and Schools, Accre- 
diting Commission: private 
senior college of business 

PNUR 

National League for Nursing: 
practical nursing 

SURGT 

American Medical Association, 
Committee on Allied Health 
Education and Accreditation: 

POD 

American Podiatry Association, 
Council on Podiatry Education: 


surgery technology 

PTA 

podiatry 

SW 

Council on Social Work Educa- 
tion, Commission on Accredi- 

American Physical Therapy 
Association, Committee on 


tation: social work 

PTAA 

Accreditation in Education: 
physical therapist 

American Physical Therapy 

TED 

National Council for Accredi- 
tation of Teacher Education: 
teacher education 


Association, Committee on 
Accreditation in Education : 
physical therapist assistant 

THEQL 

Association of Theological 
Schools in the United States 
and Canada: theology 

RABN 

Association of Advanced Rab- 
binical and Talmudic Schools, 
Accreditation Commission: 
rabbinical and Talmudic educa- 
tion 

VET 

American Veterinary Medical 
Association: veterinary 
medicine 




*»« 


tionally Recognized 


State Agency - 


Tk 

^ following agency is listed by the 
a * S . Secretary of Education for its regi- 
^'''t'ntion (accreditation) of collegiate 
ree-granting programs or curriculums 
. ered by institutions of higher educa- 
^Qn. 




New York State Board of Regents 


^OTE: 


Addresses of the recognized 
accrediting agencies and associ- 
ations listed above can be 
found in Appendix C. 


3lC" indicates that the institution 
^'Jalified for listing via the three- 
^ t itutional certification procedure *1/ 


The U.S. Department of Education does 

accredit, recommend, or approve any 
s chool or educational institution. 


Preaccredited Status 


The regional accrediting commissions 
listed in this Directory each award the 
recognized preaccreditation status of 
Candidate for Accreditation. 

The recognized preaccreditation categories 
used by the New York State Board of Regents 
are Interim Registration and Preliminary 
Registration. 

The national institutional and specialized 
agencies use varying terminology to repre- 
sent that an institution or program is 
preaccredited. The following is a list 
of the recognized preaccreditation statuses 
for these agencies: 

American Association of Bible Colleges, 
Commission on Accrediting - Candidate 
for Accreditation 

American Association of Nurse Anesthetists, 
Council on Accreditation - Preaccredi- 
tation 

American Council on Pharmaceutical 
Education - Candidate 


Tlie award of preaccreditation status to 
a.rt institution or program signifies that 
the accrediting agency or association 
Has determined that the institution or 
program is progressing toward accredita- 
t: ion. It does not guarantee that the 
educational institution or program will 
He accredited. Certain accrediting 
agencies and associations may award 
p ireaccreditation status to an institution 
or* program that is not fully operational. 

THe II. S. Secretary of Education recognizes 
certain preaccreditation statuses 
established by the nationally recognized 
a cc. rediting agencies and associations. 

Xu order for a preaccreditat.ion status to 
He listed as recognized by the Secretary, 
a. u accrediting agency or association must 
Remonstrate that it uses criteria and 
procedures for the award of preaccredited 
gtatus that are appropriately related to 
t X*ose used for award of accreditation 


American Dental Association, Commission 
on Evaluation of Dental and Dental 
Auxiliary Programs - Accreditation 
Eligible 

American Dietetic Association, Commission 
on Evaluation of Dietetic Education - 
Developmental Accreditation 

American Optometric Association, Council 
on Optometric Education - Reasonable 
Assurance, Preliminary Approval 

American Osteopathic Association - Pre- 
accreditation Status, Provisional 
Accreditation 

American Podiatry Association, Council 
on Podiatry Education - Reasonable 
Assurance, Preliminary Accreditation 

American Veterinary Medical Association, 
Council on Education - Reasonable 
Assurance of Accreditation 


1 "Criteria for Listing in this Directory" on page vii. 


xii 



Association of Advanced Rabbinical and 
Talmudic Schools, Accrediting Commis- 
sions - Correspondent, Candidate 

Association of Independent Colleges and 
Schools, Accrediting Commission - 
Recognized Candidate Status 

Association of Theological Schools in 
the United States and Canada, Commis- 
sion on Accrediting - Authorization of 
Self-Study 

Council on Chiropractic Education, Com- 
mission on Accreditation - Recognized 
Candidate for Accreditation 

Council on Education for Public Health - 
Preaccreditation 

Council on Social Work Education, Com- 
mission on Accreditation - Candidacy 

Engineers f Council for Professional 
Development, Engineering Technology 
Committee - Candidate for Accreditation, 
Reasonable Assurance of Accreditation 

Liaison Committee on Medical Education - 
Reasonable Assurance, Provisional 
Accreditation 

National Association of Schools of Art, 
Commission on Accreditation and Member- 
ship - Candidacy Status 


Arrangement of Data 

Generally, institutions are listed alpha- 
betically under the States In which 
they are located. A branch of an Insti- 
tution is listed as a unit following the 
parent institution. When there are two 
or more branches, the branches are listed 
alphabetically. When an institution 
comprises two or more campuses reporting 
directly to the central administration, 
the campuses are listed in alphabetical 
order. Generally, components of multi- 
campus institutions are subsumed under a 
"central office”. Thus, an identification 
code, as well as a name and address, is ■ 
provided for the institution as a whole 
in addition to the individual campuses. 


Most multicampus institutions reported 
Information on the overall administrative 
staff, but when this was not done, the 
name of the chief administrative officer 
of the institution (such as the president 
or chancellor) and his/her business 
address are listed. 

In all surveys and publications related 
to the Higher Education General Informa- 
tion Survey (HEGIS) , institutional systems, 
multicampus institutions, main campuses, 
and branch campuses are defined as follows: 

Institutional System . A complex of two 
or more Institutions of higher education 
each separately organized or independently 
complete, under the control or supervi- 
sion of a single administrative body. 

Multicampus Institution . An organization 
bearing resemblance to an institutional 
system, but unequivocally designated as 
a single institution with either of two 
organizational structures: (1) an insti- 
tution having two or more campuses respon- 
sible to a central administration (which 
central administration may or may not be 
located on one of the administratively 
equal campuses) or (2) an institution 
having a main campus with one or more 
branch campuses attached to it. 

Main Campus . In those institutions 
consisting of a main campus and one or 
more branch campuses, the main campus 
(sometimes called the parent institution) 
is usually the location of the core, 
primary, or most, comprehensive program. 
Unless the institution-wide or central 
administrative office of such an insti- • 
tution is reported to be at a different 
location, the main campus is also the 
location of the central administrative 
office. 

Branch Campus . A campus of an institution 
of higher education that is organized on 
a relatively permanent basis (i.e., has a 
relatively permanent administration), that 
offers an organized program or programs of 
work of at least 2 years (as opposed to 
courses), and that is located in a community 
different from that in which its parent 
institution is located. Being in a com- 
munity different from that of the parent 


xiii 



I,,ea ns that a branch is located beyond a 
Reasonable commuting distance from the 
campus of the parent institution. 


Institutions that are part of a system 
grouped alphabetically immediately 
^°Tlowing the name and the administrative 
s taff of the system. If a system requested 
ari order other than an alphabetical 
^ ^ s ting , the request was honored. For 
Example, a system that has universities, 
^year colleges, and junior colleges may 
nave requested an alphabetical listing 
"^ith each level of institution. The name 
each branch of an institution or an 
institution in a system of institutions 
is preceded by an asterisk (*). 


Explanation of Data 

FICE Identification Code 

The Federal Interagency Committee on 
Education (FICE) identification code is 
listed for each institution. This is an 
unstructured number used for statistical 
purposes that is unique for each institu- 
tion. Except as indicated below, it will 
remain as the institutional identification 
number for the life of the institution; 
should the institution cease to exist, 
the number will be inactivated. 

The primary utility of the FICE identifi- 
cation code is the precise identification 
of a particular institution of higher 
education. In addition to this primary 
use * ^ or purposes of computer records 
and processing, a FICE identification 
code is assigned to the aggregate or 
totality of a multicampus institution or 
an Institutional system. The FICE identi- 
fication code number is known (somewhat 
imprecisely) as the "all-campus" number 
for a multicampus institution or the 
T-j- —institution" number for an insti- 
tutional system. This number permits the 
National Center for Education Statistics 
in the analysis of data, to code the aggre- 
gate data for mul ticampus institutions 
or systems of institutions. A list of 
these aggregates and the FICE identifica- 
t ion code for each of them is given in 
Appe ndix If. 


There are apparent, but not real, excep- 
tions to the immutability of the FICE 
identification codes. These apparent ex- 
ceptions occur when institutions acquire 
or establish new branches, when established 
branches are closed or lose branch status, 
or when institutions are assembled into 
new systems. Some examples of these 
exceptions follows: 

1. An institution has a remotely 
located component that for many 
years it did not consider a 
branch. Now it accords a separ- 
ate identity as a branch to 

this component. New FICE 
identification codes now are 
given to the main campus and to 
the branch; the old FICE identi- 
fication code assumes a new 
identity as the "all campus" 
code for the total entity. In 
this way, the historical consist- 
ency of the statistical data 
filed by the FICE identification 
code is maximized. 

2. An institution acquires a newly 
developed and established branch. 
The old name of the institution 
now applies both to the old 
institution and to its new branch. 
The old FICE identification 

code is now used to designate 
the main campus (which is actually, 
the quantitative successor to 
the old institution); but the 
new FICE identification codes 
are assigned to each of the 
following: the branch, the 
central office, and the institu- 
tional "all-campus" aggregate. 

3. An institution closes an estab- 
lished branch. The main campus, 
which will now be a single 
institution, retains its FICE 
identification code. However, 
if an established branch loses 
branch status but is still a 
component, the now single-campus 
institution assumes the "all- 
campus" FICE identification 
code. 


xiv 



previously independent institution 
comes part of a newly organized 
System that contains a number of 
^^lstitutions , and the system assumes 
^fie name of the previously independent 
•Constitution. If an analysis of the 
^jiange demonstrates that historical 
insistency 0 £ statistics will not 
& $ served by preserving old FICE 
t^^entif ication codes, some units 
^ fid aggregates of this new system 
& j, 11 receive totally new FICE identi- 
fication codes, and the old code of 
£ pe institution will not be used to 
identify the new system. This will 
Ifipear to be a change in FICE code; 
^^tually it is not since the name 
describes a new and different 
^^tity. On the other hand, if histor- 
J<*al consistency and understanding 
f, the data would be served by preser- 
vation of the old FICE identification 
v<?de, it may be preserved by having 
now designate that part of the 
0 ystem that previously had the old 

regime. 


Registry staff to an organization that 
does not qualify for an EIN under IRS 
procedures. Pseudo numbers assigned to 
organizations in outlying areas are 
permanent. The last two characters, 
always a letter followed by a number, 
form the EIN suffix that identifies a 
particular component of the organizational 
entity, e.g. , branch of an institution. 

Date of Establishment 


The date of establishment is the year in 
which the institution came into existence 
or was chartered. In the event that an 
organizational change (i.e. , merger with 
another institution) has taken place since 
that time, the earlier date is used. 

Student Body 

The sex designation for the student body 
of each institution or campus included 
in the Directory is shown as men, women, 
coeducational, or coordinate (separate 
colleges for men and women) as reported 
by the institution. 


Entity Number 


entity number is a 12-character code 
signed by the Department of Education 
ntral Registry System to identify 
d±v±duals and organizational entities 
nducting business with the Department 
d for storage and retrieval of basic 
formation which characterize these 
titles. It is presented in this Direc- 
r*y ^.s a service to those users of the 
gtieiir Education General Information 
(HEGIS) data who have this 12- 

code as their primary identifi- 
c °de. is shown as verified by 

s ' t^-sti tution as part of the HEGIS 
3^ ^Utional Characteristics Survey. 


i **tity number is composed of three 
,] ^ ie ^ rst digit is the Identi- 
n Coc * e Designator (ICD) prefix; 

' colleges and universities it is 

denoting an organizational entity. 

■ & ^^t nine digits are the Employer 

& plication Number (EIN). This 
*^^ias an organization by the Employer 
i ication Code assigned by the 

^^^^1 Revenue Service (IRS) or the 
■*" number assigned by the Central 


Several institutions, traditionally for 
men only or women only and so listed in 
the Directory, indicated on their reports 
that, although their enrollments were 
almost all of one sex, they had an open- 
door policy for students of either sex. 

A few added the phrase "on a commuting 
basis only." Several noted that the 
reported enrollment included a given 
number of men or women day students. 

Enrollment 


The total enrollment of students in each 
institution or, in the case of multicampus 
institutions, in each component is given 
as of fall 1979. Undergraduate and 
graduate, first-professional, unclassified, 
full-time and part-time students are 
Included. Excluded are students In non- 
credit adult education courses; students 
taking courses at home by correspondence, 
radio, or television; students enrolled 
only for "short courses"; auditors; 
students studying abroad; and students 
enrolled at a branch campus or extension 
center of an American institution in a 
foreign country. .. 


xv 



^ l owri in this Directory may differ from 
figure presented in the opening fall 
J n to llment publication. The opening fall 
is reported early in the fall term, 
^respondents are asked to include 
timates for any group of students that 
s ^ould be included but for which an actual 
°Ount is not available. 


Control 


Public 


Federal State and local 

State State-related 

Local 


advance enrollment figure for fall 1980 
^ A- x-icl icated by a dagger to the right of 
tlie figure) was obtained for newly eligible 
Prostitutions which did not report fall 
Q enrollment. 


Private 


Independent, nonprofit 
Organized as profitmaking 
Affiliated with religious group 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees 

Undergraduate tuition and required fees 
a ice the actual charges reported by the 
colleges and universities and their 
branches for the academic year 1980-81, 
not Including room and board charges. 

All fixed-sum charges, which are required 
of such a large proportion of all students 
tHat the student who does not pay the 
charge is an exception, are included. If 
tVie amount varies depending upon the 
class level of the student, subject-matter 
m-ajor, or courses taken, etc., the typical 
or modal amount is estimated for charges 
which are required. Charges which are 
clearly optional are not included. 

Control or Affiliation 

Hie control or affiliation of each 
institution is recorded as reported by 
the Institution. Public institutions are 
those under Federal, State, State-related, 
local, or State and local control. Private 
institutions are reported as independent, 
nonprofit; organized as profitmaking; or 
affiliated with a religious group. 
Affiliation need not imply financial 
support. Provision was made for reporting 
af f iliation with 70 religious groups and 
an "other" category was provided for 
affiliation not covered by the specific 
groups named. 


Affiliation 

Advent Christian Church 
African Methodist Episcopal 
African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church 
American Baptist 

American Evangelical Lutheran Church 
American Lutheran 

American Lutheran and Lutheran Church in 
America 

American Missionary Association 
Assemblies of God Church 
Baptist 

Brethren Church 

Brethren in Christ Church 

Christian and Missionary Alliance Church 

Christian Church (Disciples of Chris t) 

Christian Churches and Churches of Christ 

Christian Methodist Episcopal 

Christian Reformed Church 

Church of Christ (Scientist) 

Church of God 

Church of God in Christ 

Church of God of Prophecy 

Church of New Jerusalem 

Church of the Brethren 

Church of the Nazarene 

Churches of Christ 

Cumberland Presbyterian 

Evangelical Congregational Church 

Evangelical Covenant Church of America 

Evangelical Free Church of America 

Evangelical Lutheran Church 

Free Methodist 

Free Will Baptist Church 

Friends 

Friends United Meeting 
General Conference Mennonite Church 
Greek Orthodox 
Interdenominational 


xv i 



Jewish 

Latter-Day Saints 
Lutheran Church in America 
Lutheran Church-Mis souri Synod 
Mennonite Brethren Church 
Mennonite Church 
Missionary 'Church Inc* 

Moravian Church 

Multiple Protestant Denominations 
North American Baptist 
Other Protestant 
Pentecostal Holiness Church 
Presbyterian, U.S. 

Presbyterian, U.S. and United 
Presbyterian, U.S. A. 

Protestant Episcopal 

Reformed Church in America 

Reformed Episcopal Church 

Reformed Presbyterian Church 

Reorganized Latter-Day Saints Church 

Roman Catholic 

Russian Orthodox 

Seventh-Day Adventists 

Seventh-Day Baptist Church 

Southern Baptist 

Undenominational 

Unitarian Universalist 

United Brethren Church 

United Church of Christ 

United Methodist 

United Presbyterian, U.S. A. 

-Wesleyan Church 

Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod 
Young Men's Christian Association 
Other 

Calendar System 

The calendar system on which each insti- 
tution or campus operates is reported as 
quarter, semester, trimester, 4-1-4 
(months) plan, or "other". Any calendar 
system not classifiable as quarter, 
semester, trimester, 4-1-4 is designated 
"other". 

Highest Level of Offering 

The following categories have been estab- 
lished to designate institutions by 
highest level of offering: 

Two but less than four years — refers to 
at least 2 but less than 4 years beyond 
12th grade; includes junior colleges, 
community colleges, technical institutes, 


and normal schools offering at least a 2- 
year program of college-level studies, 
either leading to an associate degree or 
wholly or principally creditable toward 
a baccalaureate degree. 

Four- or five-year baccalaureate — includes 
those institutions offering programs of 
studies leading to the customary bachelor 
of arts or bachelor of science degree, 
requiring at least 4 but less than 6 years. 

First-professional degree — includes those 
institutions that offer the academic 
requirements for selected professions 
.based on programs that require at least 
2 academic years of previous college 
work for entrance and a total of at least 
6 years of college work for completion; 
e.g. , medicine (M.D. ), law (LL.B., J.D. ), 
theology (B.D. , M.Div. , Rabbi), dentistry 
(D.D.S.), veterinary medicine (D.V.-M.), 
osteopathic medicine (D.O. ). 

Master* s — includes those institutions 
offering the customary first graduate 
degree, master of arts or master of 
science degree in the liberal arts and 
sciences, or the next degree in the same 
field after the first-professional degree; 
e.g., Master of Science in Surgery (M.S. 
in Surgery), Master of Laws (LL.M. )» and 
Master of Science in Dentistry (M.S.D.). 

Beyond master's but less than doctorate — 
includes those institutions offering 
"postgraduate predoctoral degrees"; e.g., 
civil engineer, electrical engineer, 
specialist in education. 

Doctorate — includes those institutions 
offering the Ph.D. or its equivalent in 
any field; e.g., Doctor of Education, 
(Ed.D.) Doctor of Juridical Science, 
(S.J.D.), and Doctor of Public Health 
(D .P.H. ) . 

Undergraduate non-degree-granting — 
includes those institutions offering at 
least 4 years of undergraduate work but 
not conferring a bachelor's degree. Such 
institutions may give diplomas, certifi- 
cates of completion, or similar awards. 


Graduate non-degree-granting — includes 
institutions offering work beyond the 
bachelor's level but not conferring 


xvii 



degrees. In some instances the degrees 
are. conferred by cooperating Institutions. 


Administrative Officers 


Postdoctoral research only — includes 
Ins titutions operating solely for the 
purrpose of research at the postdoctoral 
(post-Ph.D, or equivalent) level. 


Type of Program 

The designations of the types of programs 
atre. explained as follows: 

Te irminal-occupational below bachelor* s 
refers to programs of at least 2 but less 
thian 4 years beyond high school designed 
to provide students with knowledge and 
slcllls necessary for immediate employment 
loot for which credits are not ordinarily 
acceptable toward baccalaureate degree 
programs . 

Two-year principally bachelor’s creditably 
■refers to the first 2 years of college 
work, i.e. , the equivalent of the freshman 
and sophomore years of the lower division 
of a bachelor's degree program. Such a 
program may be general or preprofessional; 
it may serve as the first 2 basic years 
tcyward a bachelor's degree in a liberal 
arts program, in a teacher preparatory 
program, or in a professional program. 

Liberal arts and general — refers to 4- or 
5-year baccalaureate or post-baccalaureate 
degree programs in the liberal arts and 
sciences. It may also include preprofes- 
sional programs (such as prelaw, prelibrary 
science, presocial work, and premedicine). 

Teacher preparatory p rograms — as used 
tiere, must be of at least 4 years duration. 

Professional programs — as used here, are 
separate programs of at least 4 years 
beyond high school, outside liberal arts 
and organized around a professionally 
oriented academic discipline. Included 
are 4- or 5-year degree programs in agri- 
culture, business administration, 
engineering, etc., as well as those 
programs leading to the 6-year-or-more 
first-professional degree defined in the 
section on highest level of offering. 


The instructions that accompanied the 
survey form requested institutions to 
list only the chief administrative offi- 
cers; i.e., to limit the list of staff 
members to key persons. Persons holding 
two positions concerned with the same 
area of responsibility (e.g. , business 
manager and comptroller, or treasurer and 
comptroller) were to be listed only in 
the higher position. Persons performing 
more than one function were to be listed 
only once in the most important function 
or a combination of functions (such as 
registrar and admissions officer). The 
only instance in which a person was to be 
listed twice was when a chief administra- 
tive officer served also as the dean/ 
director of a school, college or division 
of the institution. 

Not all reported officers and titles can 
be listed in the Directory in every 
instance, due to limitations of institu- 
tional entry space and publication size. 
Every effort is made to list as many 
functional codes and institutional officers 
as may be required by Directory users. 

Assistant deans reported were retained if 
their functions were not duplicated. For 
example, a number of institutions reported 
a dean of students and, in addition, the 
dean of women as an assistant dean or 
assistant dean of women. Also, some 
institutions reported one of their chief 
administrative officers as dean of the 
college and all other administrative deans 
as assistants with specific functions, 
such as assistant dean for student affairs. 

Assistant deans were deleted if the func- 
tion was duplicated. For example, when 
both a dean and an assistant dean of the 
college of arts and sciences were reported, 
the assistant dean was deleted. 

It will be noted that a numeric coding 
precedes the title of all administrative 
staff. This coding refers to a specific 
functional description of an administra- 
tive officer in a college or university, 
without regard for the actual title. 

Thus, whether the chief business officer 


xviii 



has the title of vice president for busi- 
ness, or treasurer, or comptroller, or 
business manager, the code number is 10. 

This permits these data to serve an 
additional purpose for those who utilize 
the Directory in the form of a computer 
tape, and also provides more specific 
Information on the areas of responsibility 
of the various officers. 

The code numbers and the generic descrip- 
tions of administrative functions are 
drawn from A Manual for Budgeting and 
Accounting for Manpower Resources in Post- 
secondary Education by Dennis P. Jones, 
National Center for Higher Education 
Management Systems at the Western Inter- 
state Commission for Higher Education 
and Theodore H. Drews, National Center 
for Education Statistics. 

There is one case in which the numeric 
coding lacks precision. Where a position 
is coded 00, this means that the position 
and the functions of its incumbent are 
not included in the reference manual, 
but the position was deemed to be of 
such importance that listing was required. 

The instructions for the survey form sti- 
pulated that vacant positions be omitted 
except for such key positions as Chief 
Executive Officer (01), Chief Executive 
Officer within a System (02), Executive 
Vice President (03), Chief Academic. 

Officer (05), Chief Business Officer 
(10), Chief Librarian (08), Deans/Directors 
(47-75), Director, Admissions (07), 
Registrar (06), and Chief Student Officer 
(32). When other than the usual key 
positions were reported as vacant, they 
were not listed. 

Deans of schools and colleges within an 
institution are shown after the admini- 
strative officers, except when an insti- 
tution requested a different order or 
rank sequence. 

Methodology 

The request for information to be published 
in this Directory was included in the 
Higher Education General Information 
Survey (HEGIS) package mailed to institu 


tions of higher education or to State 
agencies that cooperate with the National 
Center for Education Statistics in data 
collection, in summer 1980. Copies of 
the form "Institutional Characteristics 
of Colleges and Universities" were included 
in the package sent to those institutions 
that had not been listed in the Directory 
in the previous year. Institutions 
included in the Directory the previous 
year received a computer printout of 
their information, with the request that 
it be updated for 1980-81. 

The National Center for Education Statis- 
tics has a cooperative data collection 
arrangement with 44 States. In 38 of 
these States, State officials handle mail- 
out and data collection for all institu- 
tions; in 6 States, for selected institu- 
tions. In 4 other States, with which 
NCES has no cooperative data-collection 
arrangement, an extra copy of each form 
to be completed and mailed to the State 
department of education is included in 
the packages mailed to specific institu- 
tions. This cooperative arrangement 
reduces the number of requests for data 
made upon the institutions and improves 
the response rate for the various portions 
of the package. Inconsistencies in the 
completed reports are resolved by con- 
tacting the State coordinating officials 
who in turn contact the institutions 
when necessary. 

Institutions were requested to provide an 
immediate response, and data collection 
was completed November 21, 1980. 

In order to expedite publication of this 
Directory, corrections were no longer 
accepted after November 21. Due to this 
earlier date, we regret that certain 
institutions contained herein were not 
updated. These institutions have been 
designated in the body of the Directory 
by the symbol + preceeding the full 
institution name. It is to be noted 
that since the Division of Eligibility 
and Agency Evaluation (DEAE) has sole 
responsibility for verification of 
accreditation, all accreditations, even 
for schools that have not reported, are 
valid and current. 



^ris titutions not previously included that 
bcid applied for Directory listing and 
tlrat Viad already filed Institutional 
Characteristics information were included 
if they were certified as eligible for 
i is ting at any time prior to the closeout 
of data collection on November 21, 1980. 

Hach report was sent to the DEAE for 
certification of the institution's eligi- 
bility for listing in the Directory and 
for verification of the accreditation 
reported. 

Only those institutions certified by DEAE 
as eligible for listing (i.e., certified 
as meeting at least one of the criteria 
specified on page vii of this publication) 
are included. 

Abbreviations 

Whenever it was impossible to spell out 
the functional titles of administrative 
officers within the limit of the 30 char- 
acters allowed, standard abbreviations 
were used. All abbreviations are listed 
In Appendix G. 


Symbols 

(For Accreditation Only) 

The symbol # preceding any of the abbre- 
viations listed under the Nationally 
Recognized Agencies and Associations on 
Page x indicates that the accrediting 
agency has stated publicly that the 
institution or program is provisionally 
accredited, accredited with some reserva- 
tions , or approved on probation. The 
symbol G* indicates that the institution 
or program has attained a preaccredited 
status that has been recognized by the 
Secretary of Education. The symbol & 
indicates the institution is covered 
under the regional accreditation of the 
parent institution. 

Index 

All institutions of higher education 
included in this Directory are listed in 
alphabetical order in the index. Users 
should refer to this listing to determine 
if a particular institution is included. 

In some cases of name changes or insti- 
tutions which have been dropped since 
the 1979-80 Directory, appropriate page 
references are given. On page xiii, under 
Arrangement of Data, the various excep- 
tions to straight alphabetic listing are 
explained. 


xx 



* Includes District of Columbia and, separately, U.S. Service Schools, 
American Samoa, Former Canal Zone, Guam, Puerto Rico, Trust 
Territory of the Pacific Islands, and the Virgin Islands. 



1 


ALABAMA 


♦ ALABAMA AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL UNIVERSITY 

Normal 35762 Congressional District: 5 

County: Madison FICE Identification: 001002 

Telephone (205) 859-7011 Entity Number: 1-63-600- 1097 -A1 

Established 1875 • coed 

Enrollment: 4, 330 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $530 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, BNGT, LIB, SW, TED 

0 1 President.. Dr. Richard D. Morrison 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Leon Frazier 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Mr. L. R. Patton 

32 Dean of Student Affairs • Hr. Charles N. Rice 

26 Director University Relations Mr. A. A. Burks 

07 Director of Admissions.... Mr. A. G . Adams 

00 Dir Learning Resources Canter Mrs. Birdie Weir 

33 Assoc Dean stdnt Life-Develop Mr, James Garner 

34 Assoc Dean stdnt Life-Develop Mrs, Betty Knowles 

30 Director of Development Mr. Dawson I. Horn 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Percy N. Lanier 

36 Dir Career Advisory-Place Serv Dr. Ea die Rich 

49 Dean School Arts and Sciences. Dr. Bessie w. Jones 

50 Dean School Graduate Studies Dr. L. w . Bonner 

47 Dean Sch Agric-Home Economics Dr. V. Thomas 

72 Dean of School of Technology Dr. Joseph R. Jenkins 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Cordell Wynn 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. Herbert E. Olivera 

62 Dean School of Library Media Dr. Howard G. Ball 

ALABAMA CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

5345 Atlanta Highway, Montgomery 36109 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 001003 

Telephone (205) 272-5820 Entity Number: 1- 63-032-9409-A1 

Established 1942 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,339 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,650 

Affiliation: Church of Christ (Scientist) Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. E. R. Brannan 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. T. L. Paulkner 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Ernest Biggs 

06 Regstr-Dean Counsel Services Hr. Billy Hilyer 

07 Assoc Dir Adnis-Financial Aid Mr. Doran Claiborne 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. B. J. Clifton 

08 Librarian Mr. Thomas Weaver 

26 Public Relations Mr. Douglas Bush 

33 Supervisor of Men Mrs. Naomi Trussell 

34 Supervisor of Women Mrs. Lahoaa Buford 

32 vice President-Campus Services Mr. Wayne Baker 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. James Crabtree 

+ALABAMA LUTHERAN ACADEMY AND COLLEGE 

1804 Green Street, Selma 36701 Congressional District: 7 

County: Dallas FICE Identification: 010554 

Telephone (205) 872-3053 Entity Number: 1-63-038-994 1-A1 

Established 1922 Coed 

Enrollment: 292 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,100 

Affiliation; Lutheran Church-Missour i Synod Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3SC 

01 President Dr. Willis L. Wright 

10 Business Manager... Mrs. Arzelia Smiley 

06 Regstr-Dir Pub Rel-Finan Aid....... Miss Tharsteen E. Harrell 

08 Librarian Mrs. Jo Ann Daniels 

32 Director of Student Activities....... Mr. Curtis Thomas 

33 Dean of Men . Mr. Robert Menifee 

34 Dean of Women Miss Lula Taylor 

5 9 Director of Home Economics Mrs. Grade Hollins 

64 Director of Music... Mr. Bobby McKenzie 

68 Director of Physical Education Mr. Frankie peoples 

73 Director of Theology... Dr. Peter Hunt 

53 Dean of Institution Dr. Julius Jenkins 

49 Head Department of Science Hr. Ralph Droege 


County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 001005 

Telephone (205) 832-6072 Entity Humber: 1-63-600-1 101-A1 

Established 1874 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,096 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Stat e) : $525 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, MUS, TED 

01 President. ........ Dr. Levi Watkins 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. William Edmonds 

10 Vice Pres for Business-Finance.... Mr. Freddie {.allot 

45 Vice Pres Planning £ Analysis Dr. John Baker Jr. 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs.... Dr. Johnny D. Sheppard 

30 Vice Pres for Univ Advancement Hr. CharLes Varner Jr. 

08 Dean Libraries-Lrng Resources Mr. John L. Buskey 

06 Director Records-Registration Dr. Jerry Beavers 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. R. W. Campbell Jr. 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Norman Hunter 

15 Dir Personnel Administration Mr. Clarence H. Holloway 

37 Dir Student Financial Aids Ms. Stephanie D. Larry 

36 Director of Placement Services Mr. Moses C. Carter 

04 Assistant to President Mrs, Jacqueline 4. Mallory 

25 Director of Federal Relations Mr. Isaac W. Sanders 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. John F. Knight 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Dr. Eunice Moore 

50 Dean Col Bus Administration 0c. Percy J. Vaughn Jr. 

51 Dean University Collage. Dr. Robert P. Thomson 

53 Dean of College of Education Dc. Gordon Bliss 

64 Dean of School of Music.. Dr. Otis D; Simmons 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dc. Leroy Boll Jr. 

ALEXANDER CITY STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Alexander City 35010 Congressional District: 3 

County: Tallapoosa FICE Identification: 0010CP 

Telephone (205) 234-6346 Entity Humber: 1 -63-050-3686- A ’ 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,236 

Undergraduate Tuition and Peas (In-sta te) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President... Dr. Byron Causey 

05 Dean of Instruction..... Dr. Charles A. Farrow 

32 Dean of Student Services..... Mr. Bob Saxon 

10 Dean of Dusinass Affairs Hr. Herb Traylor 

27 Director Cooperative Education Mr. Gaorqe Terrell 

08 Acting Librarian Mrs. Frances' V. Tapley 

25 Project Director-Title III Hr. Ron Estridge 

55 Director of Extended Day........... Dr. Paul H. Blackwell Jr. 

♦ ATHENS STATE COLLEGE 

Athens 35611 Congressional District; 5 

County: Limestone FICE Identification: 001008 

Telephone (205) 232-1802 Entity Number: 1 -63-030-2100-A1 

Established 1822 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,204 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $600 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lower 
Division 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.... Sidney E. Sandridge 

05 Acad Dean ana vice President Thomas A. Rodgers 

45 Chief Planning Officer Azalia Francis 

30 Director of Development Curtis Tomlin 

10 Business Manager .Ewell Smith 

07 Director of Admissions.......... v ;Larry McCoy 

08 Director of Libraries James D. Dallev 

32 Director of Student Life Robert Collins 

AUBURN UNIVERSITY 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Auburn 36830 Congressional District: 3 

county: Lee PI CE identifications 000317 

Telephone (205) 826-4000 Entity Number: 1 -63-600-07 24- Ai 

01 President. Dr. !t , Ranly Funderburk 

♦AUBURN UNIVERSITY MAIN CAMPUS 


ALABAMA STATE UNIVERSITY 

915 South Jackson Street, Montgomery 36104 

Congressional District: 2 


Auburn 36830 * 

County: Lee 

Telephone (205) 826-4000 
Established 1856 


Congressional District? 3 
FICE Identification: 001009 
Entity Number: 1-63-600-0724- A2 

Coed 



A&I1A1IA.. 


2 


Enrollment: 18,329 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5720 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal lets and General: Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: SC, ARCH, AFT, ADD, BOS, ICLPSY, 3DIET, BUG, 
•PIDER, FOR, BECD, PHAR, SP , SV, TED, VET 
0 1 P Ee sidant Dr. H. Banly Funderburk 

03 Bze cutiva Vice President . Dr. Rex K. Kainer 

65 Vice Pres Agric-Vet Ned G B Ec Dr. Stanley P. Wilson 

26 Die of University Relations Dr. Daniel C. Holsenbeck 

04 Spec Asst to Pres for Fin Aff Dr. Grover T. Jacobs 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Taylor D. Littleton 

25 Vice President for Research Dr. Chester C. Carroll 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer.... Mr. Rhett E. Riley 

09 Dir of Institutional Analysis Dr. Gerald S. Leischuck 

29 Exec Sec Alumni 6 Dir Develop........ Mr. George L. Bradberry 

32 Dean of Students Dr. w. Harold Grant 

5 1 Dean of Ext C Pub Services Dr. Gene A. Braalett 

06 Registrar... Hr. Toi A. Stallworth 

06 University Librarian Dr. Williaa C. Highfill 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Herbert N. flavkins 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Larry D. Ridgeway 

15 Dir Dniv Personnel Services Hr. Robert G. Schultz 

56 Dean ext 6 Ala Co-Op Ext Serv Dr. J. Michael Spcott 

47 Dean Agric-Dir Resident Instr Dr. R. Dennis Rouse 

4 8 Dean Architecture 6 Pine Arts Mr. E. Keith BcPheeters 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences... Dr. Edvard H. Hobbs 

50 Dean of Business Dr. George R. Horton Jr. 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Jack E. Blackburn 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. J. Grady Cox 

5 9.'Dean of Hone Ecooaai.es Dr. Ruth L. Galbraith 

66 Dean of Nursing Miss Mary P. Soody 

67 Dean of Pharnacy Dr. Benjamin F. Cooper 

74 Dean of Veterinary Kedlcine Dr. J. Thoaas Vaughan 

53 Doan of Graduate School Dr. Paul F. Packs 

* AU BUR N UNIVERSITY AT BOHTGOMERY 

Atlanta Highway, Bontgoaery 36117 Congressional District: 2 
County: Bontgoaery PICE Identification: 00B310 

Telephone (205) 279-91 10 Entity Huaber: 1-63-600-0724-A3 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollaent: 4,810 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(I n-State) : *585 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation: SC 

02 Chancellor Dr. Hanly H. Funderburk Jc. 

26 Dir University Relations Hs. Joy Conn 

06 Registrar Nr. Edward J. Toaczak 

05 vice Chanc Acadeaic Affairs Dr. Oaaes 0. Killians 

. 30 Vice Chancellor Development Dr. Daniel c. Holsenbeck 

10 Vice Chancellor Pinance Dr. Grover T. Jacobs 

07 Vice Chanc Student Affairs Hr. Darold L. Dunlavy 

00 Director of the Library Be. Richard T. Pastorett 

15 Personnel Manager ns. Linda B. Boone 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Jaaes 0. Berry 

58 Chran Air Univ Grad Division Dr. John J. Boyne 

4 9 Dean of Liberal Arts Dr. Guinevera A. Nance 

50 Dean of Business..... Dr. Billiaa D. Clark 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Norbert Maertens 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Kathryn Barnett 

BIRMINGHAM SOUTHERN COLLEGE 

800 3th Avenue West, Birainghai 35204 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Jefferson F1CE Identification: 001012 

Telephone (205) 328-5250 Entity Nuaber: 1- 63-028-881 1 -A1 

Established 1856 Coed 

Enrollaent: 1,402 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,550 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, BUS, TSD 

01 President.. Dr . Neal p> Berte 

05 Vice Pres for Acadeaic Affairs Dr. v. Edmund Hooaav 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Dr. Thoaas 0. Jaaes 

07 Vice Pres Adnissions Services Hr. Robert D. Dortch 

26 Director of public Affairs me. Janes R. Bennett 

30 Assoc Vice Pres 6 Dir Develop Mrs. Roberta T. Webb 

04 Assistant to the President Carroll C. pheloe 

OB Director of the library „ iss Barbara G, Scott 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Gertrude B. Clark 

-J4 Director of Computer services Hr. Lewis Patterson 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Franc0S Seal 

2 7 Director of Information Office Mr. Bruce Patterson 

2 9 Director of Alumni Association Mr. David Dyson 

03 Assoc Vice Pres- nr Chute* Rel Dr. Robert w. Kingaco 

55 Director of Adult Studies be. Rollin J. va?son 


♦BOOKER T. WASHINGTON BUSINESS COLLEGE 

1527 Fifth Avenue North, Birmingham 35203 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 00446: 

Telephone (205) 252-4181 Entity Humber: 1-63-051-9524-A1 

Established 1939 

Enrollment: 275 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SI, 758 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: 3JRCB 

01 Director Nrs. M. L. Gaston 

03 Assistant Director Mrs. D. G. Harris 

06 Registrar S. Nerriveather 

08 Librarian Mrs. Alpha Robertson 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Harold Washington 

38 Director Student Counseling Sr. Barbara Vaughn 


BREWER STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Fayette 35555 Congressional District: 4 

County: Fayette PICE Identification; 009134 

Telephone (205) 932-3221 Entity Number: 1-63-057-8660-A 1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollaent: 496 

■Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Ieat3 
Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President Gary L. Branch 

05 Dean of Instruction Jaaes G. Rayburn 

10 Business Manager Richard D. McCracken 

08 Librarian Joe D. Acker 

06 Registrar Nolda S. Oswalt 

32 Dean of Stdnts Fayette Campus Don G. Bell 


CHATTAHOOCHEE VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
2602 Savage Drive, Phenix City 36867 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Russell PICE identification: fli2102 

Telephone (205) 297-4981 Entity Number: 1-63-065-7 300-A1 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,276 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor' sj 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. James E, Owen 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Bobby T. Welch 

04 Administrative Assistant Mrs. Jane G. Moulton 

10 Business Manager Mr. Robert L. Faulkner 

06 Assistant Registrar Mrs. Alice J. Goins 

08 Director of Learning Resources.. Mrs. Estelle B. Owen 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Doug Chambers 

55 Director Evening Program Mr. Rickey A. Huffstutler 

56 Dir Univ Parallel Programs Mr. Johnnie Rutledge 

♦ENTERPRISE STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P O Box 1300, Enterprise 36330 Congressional District: 2 

County: Coffee PICE Identification; 001015- 

Telephone (205) 347-2623 Entity Number: 1 -63-050-4851 -A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollaent: 1,729 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

?’ »r. B. «. Forrester 

10 IV 1: 5 ; 

08 Director of the Library Ms Susan SnmhUn 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. William F Foreman 

37 Director Student Financial Aid .7 Mr (larve? S? 

♦FAULKNER STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

S” 1 ?' Da * Minette 36507 Congressional District: 1 

Coed 



3 


Enrollment: 1,405 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Out Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, DA 

01 President Dr. Lathes N. Sibert 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Burton C. Beck 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Stanley Cruse 

04 Director of Federal Programs Larry 0. Purdy 

10 Business Manager Hubert Itamnond 

30 Director of Caapus Development Dr. Dennis H. Goodwin 

26 Director College Relations Kathy Shumate 

06 Registrar Patricia G. Martindale 

08 Librarian... Barbara H. Moseley 

37 Financial Aid officer Annie p. sibert 

14 Director of Computer Services Ralph Skinner 

55 Director of Extended Day vacant 

GADSDEN STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

George Wallace Drive, Gadsden 35903 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Etovah FICB Identification: 001017 

Telephone (205) 546-0484 Entity Number: 1- 63-050-1 425-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,538 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : *300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc, MLTAD, RAD 

01 President Dr. Arthur W. Dennis 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Chad B. Hawkins 

10 Business Manager Mr. Burlon D. watts 

32 Dean Stdnts-Dir Place Services Mr. Robert w. Dobbs 

08 Head Librarian Mr. John B. White 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. Jack H. Little 

37 Coordinator of Financial Aids Mr. Ferris Hall 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Doug Ponder 

27 Coordinator Public Relations Ms. Suzie Richburg 

30 Director of Special Programs Dr. Thomas E. Hughes 

55 Dean Ad-Continuing Education Dr. James W. Akers 

75 Assoc Dean Career Education Mr. Eurell M. Gilbert 

+QB0RGE C. WALLACE STATE COMMUHITY COLLEGE AT DOTHAN 

Dothan 36303 Congressional District: 2 

County: Dale FICE Identification: 001018 

Telephone (205) 983-3521 Entity Number: 1-63-050-761 8-A1 

Established 1949 ’ Co6( j 

Enrollment: 1,816 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : *300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, RSTH 

01 President,. Dr. Phillip J. Hama 

04 Vice President Mr. George El. Grimsley 

05 Academic Dean Dr . William Moon 

10 Acting Business Manager Mrs. Betty H. Smith 

06 Registrar.... Mrs. Pairy H. Haynes 

08 Librarian Mrs. Helen W. Miller 

32 Dean of Students.... Dr. Phillip Gilbert 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Carolyn H. Moon 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Gene Brannon 

75 Vocational Dean............. Hr. Dorsey L. Haynes 

GEORGE CORLEY WALLACE STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE AT SELMA 

P 0 Drawer 1049, Selma 36701 Congressional District: 7 

County: Dallas FICB Identification: 009980 

Telephone (205) 875-2634 Entity Number: 1-63-600-0375-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,639 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *300 
control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President... Hr. Charles L. Byrd 

05 Acting Dean of Instruction Mrs. Carole c. Canfield 

10 Business Manager Dr. Norman B. Smoot 

07 Director Student Affairs..... Mr. Fred A. Williamson Jr. 

08 Librarian........... Ms. Julia Shepherd 

26 Director Community Relations Mr. Richard Bean 

38 Counselor-Tech Division. Mr. william D. Beaty 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Hr. Roland Maxwell 

32 Counselor-College Division Mr. Bryant W. Hickman 

72 Dean of Technical Instruction Mr. Stan E. Frasier 


HUNTINGDON COLLEGE 

1500 East Fairview, Montgomery 36106 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 001019 

Telephone (205) 265-0511 Entity Humber: 1-63-028-804 1-A1 

Established 1054 Coed 

Enrollnent : 687 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,250 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President A Hen K. Jackson 

05 Dean of the College Willard D. Top 

10 Business Manager-Treasurer Arthur H. Carlton Jr. 

26 Dir Church Rel-Flnan Planning Daniel C. Whitsett 

06 Registrar Jean Rodgers 

07 Director of Admissions Jerald Lipscomb 

08 Director of the Library Robert Chapel 

30 Dir Development- Alumni Affairs David K. Morris 

32 Dean of student Life... Christopher H. Cain 

29 Director Public Relations Michael Jones 

37 Director of Financial Aid Charles H. Owens III 

51 Dir of continuing Education................ Frances Armstrong 

JACKSONVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY 

Jacksonville 36265 Congressional District: 3 

County: Calhoun PICE Identification: 001020 

Telephone (205) 435-9820 Entity Number: 1-63-600-1099-A2 

Established 1883 Coed 

Enrollnent: 7,146 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; *600 
Control: State Other 

Highest Offering; Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, NUR, TED 

01 President., Dr. Ernest stone 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Theron E. Montgomery 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Charles c. Rowe 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Gary T . Dempsey 

07 Vice Pres University Services Dr. Bascon Woodward 

32 Dean of Student Affairs or. Don Schmitz 

33 Dean of Ken Mr. A. D. Edwards 

34 Dean of Women Mrs. Miriam C. Higginbotham 

26 Director of Public Relations.. Mr. Jack Uopper 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. Jimmy Green 

37 Director Financial Aid Hr. Larry J. Smith 

08 Director of Library Dr. Alta Millican 

58 Dean College Graduate Studies Dr. James A. Reaves 

4 9 Dean Col Math and Sciences Dr. Reuben D. Boozer 

70 Dean Col Hunan and soc Sci Dr. T. Allen Smith 

66 Dean of the College of Nursing Mrs. Roberta Watts 

53 Dean of College of Education Dr. Grsene Y. Taylor 

61 Dean College Criminal Justice Dr. Thomas Barker 

62 Dean College Library Science Dr. Alta Millican 

50 Dean Col Business and Commerce.... Dr. William E. Loftin 

57 Dean Col Music and Fine Art3 Dr. Dan Morsenglll 

♦JEFFERSON DAVIS STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Brewton 36426 Congressional District: 1 

County: Escambia PICE Identification: 001021 

Telephone (205) 867-4832 Entity Number: 1 -63-050-2304-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 843 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : *300 
Control; state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President George R. McCormick 

05 Dean of Instruction....... James B. Allen Jr. 

10 Business Manager Joe Weaver 

06 Admis Officer and Registrar Kenrie Minies 

08 Librarian Janel Reflditt 

56 Director Extended Services Virgil G. Warren 

JEFFERSON STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

2601 Carson Road, Birmingham 35215 Congressional District: 6 
County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001022 

Telephone (205) 853-1200 Entity Nuaber: 1-63-050- 1357-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,324 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *300 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 





‘i 


o/ 

os 

3a 

to 
^ n 
Os 
07 

0 e 

1 3 

?s 

4 9 

?a 


e cc e 4it at ion: SC, ADHUR , FUSER, HLTAD, RAD 

T* resident. Dr. Judy H. Merritt 

Dean of the College Dc * * obect Drennen 

Dean Adainv serv stdnt Develop Dr. Jerry Farquhar 

^sst Bus Manager 6 Treasurer Mrs. Martha Markus 

Director of Computer center Nr. Decry D. Stone 

Assoc Dir Dr. Rosann Duke 

Dir s C h g cooaunity Relations Mr. Janes V. Blackburn 

librarian Du. Buraa Wallace 

Asst Dean Academic Services Mr. Colunbus H. Posey 

Assoc Dean Career & Prof Progs Vacant 

Assoc Dean Inst Xnstrl Coord Dr. Ben Clements 

Assoc Dean Sci 6 Technologies Vacant 


J °KN C „ CALHOUN STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P O 2216, Decatur 35602 Congressional District: 5 

County: Limestone PICE Identification: 001013 

Telephone (205) 353-3102 Entity Number: 1-63-0S0-5871-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Eo ro llsent: 5,283 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Yeats 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADHUR, DA 

Ol President Dr. Jaaes R. Chasteen 

G ** Assistant to the President. Ms. Sandra K. Martin 

0 5 Dean of the College Dr. Marshall W. Snith 

TO Business Manager Hr. Foy G. Childers 

06 Registrar Hr. Carl K. Evans 

08 Bead Librarian Miss Irlene Dobbins 

3 2 Dean of students Dr. Lynn D. Headrick 

3 7 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Izora Harrison 

T^» Director of Computer Center Hr. Charlie K. Bovden 

3 0 Dir Institutional Development Dr. Carl D. Witty 

ST Dir CBity Seiv and Cont Ed Ms. Betty G. Hutchens 

S €> Director of Extension progran Mr. John R. Russell III 

7 5 Dean Calhoun Occup Division Dr. Thomas A. McLeod 

55 Director of Evening Progran Dr. Jackson I). Sasser 

+ OODSON COLLEGE 

Marion 36756 Congressional District: 7 

County: Ferry PICE Identification: 001023 

Telephone (205) 663-6161 Entity Nuaber: 1-63-028-8850-A1 

Established 1838 Wooen 

Enrollment: 3 46 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,760 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: U or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, MUS 

Ol President Dr. Norman H. McCruncen 

^5 Dean of tha College Dr. Villian D. Murray 

O Business Manager.. Hr. R. Leigh Pegues 

Registrar Hiss Sarah Baer 

Director of Admissions Vacant 

Director of Developaent Hr. Paul Fletcher 

Dc-nn of Students Ann Crocker 

a Librarian Mrs. Mildred Yelverton 

7 Director Student Financial Aid..... 'Mr. Too Pullen 

LAWSON STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

3060 Wilson Koad S W, Birmingham 35221 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 001059 

Telephone (205) 925- 1 666 Entity Huaber: 1-63-600-1 1 5 1 -A 1 

Established 1965 Coed 

En to 11 uent : 1, 112 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

q-% president Dr. Jesse J. Levis 

0 5 Academe Dean Dr. Alfred Evans 

3 2 Dean of Students Dr. Marjorie Lawson 

1 O Business Manager.... Mr. Edward Scruggs 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Segnald Walton 

08 Librarian Mrs. Johnnie H. Ricks 

12 Dean of Technical Division Hr. David Freeman 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $735 
control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's Dut Less Than Doctorate 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, ADHUR, TED 

01 President ft f a M 1 G !: ee ” 

05 Provost Itathaniel B. R«efl 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Raiford Noland 

32 Executive Vice President James Homer 

08 Librarian Monroe C. Snider 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Don Rainer 

1U Director of Data Processing Billy It. Swiney 

50 Actg Dean Business-Commerce Glen Bridges 

53 Dean Tchr Ed-Actg Grad Dean James H. Patrenos 

49 Dean of General Studies - James P. Pate 

+ L0HA5C-KANN0N JUNIOR COLLEGE 

South Conecuh Street, Greenville 36037 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Butler FICE Identification: 001025 

Telephone (205) 382-8716 Entity Number: 1-63-037-7192-A1 

Established 1893 Coed 

Enrollment: 125 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,100 

Affiliation: African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Quarter 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 Interim President Longmire 

06 Registrar 6 Dean of College Dr. James E. Cook 

08 Librarian Ms. Lula P. Seay Cannedy 

29 Director of Alumni Association Mrs. Dorphenia Hall 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Dorinda P. Hurst 

05 Dean of Academics Mr. Frank II. Levis 

10 Business Manager Mr. Jerome W. Harris 

♦LURLEEN B. WALLACE STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P 0 Drawer 1418, Andalusia 36420 Congressional District: 2 
County: Covington FICE Identification: 008980 

Telephone (205) 222-6591 Entity Number: 1 -63-057-6407-A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 843 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $300 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. William H. McWhorter 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Marilyn C. Beck 

45 Dean of Administrative Affairs Mr. Seth M. Hammett 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. James D. Krudop 

10 Business Manager Mr. James T. syler 

06 Registrar ■ Mr. James L. Smith 

08 Director of Library Services Miss Sandra A. King 

27 Publicity Director Ms. Grace Tadlock 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Wayne Bennett 

38 Director Counseling Services Mr. Curtis H. Thomasson 

55 Director of Evening Division Mr. James C. Garner 

56 Director of Special Programs Mr. Lloyd D. Henderson 

+ MARION MILITARY INSTITUTE 

Marion 36756 Congressional District: 7 

county: Perry PICE Identification: 001026 

Telephone (205) 683-6174 Entity Number: 1-6 3-0 28-8053-A 1 

Established 1842 Men 

Enrollment: 241 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,525 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President M Gen. Thomas H. Barfield 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs col. James T. Murfee III 

10 vice Pres Business Affairs Maj. Stewart Nichols 

38 Director of Guidance Mrs. Helen Heart 

29 Dir Alumni Aff 8 Pub Relations Ltcol. Jas D. Woodfin 

07 Dir Admis-Stdnt Financial Aid Ltcol. James A. Jackson 

33 Commandant of Cadets Col. Leon R. Livingston 

06 Registrar Miss Debbie Abernathy 

08 Librarian Mrs. John C. Moore 


LIVINGSTON UNIVERSITY 

Station Two, Livingston 35470 
Coun ty; Sunter 
-Telephone (205) 652-9661 
Sjstablisbed 1835 


Congressional District: 7 
FICE Identification: 001024 
Entity Number: 1-63-600-1 100-A1 

Coed 


MILES COLLEGE 

Birmingham 35208 
County: Jefferson 
Telephone (205) 923-2771 


congressional District: 6 
FICE Identification: 001028 
Entity Number: 1-63-040-0608-Al 



.hihSh&h 


Established 1905 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,059 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SI, 708 

Affiliation: Christian Methodist Episcopal Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President. Dr. w. c. Williams 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. A. C. Johnson 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. w. B. Shiver Jr. 

10 Vice Pres Admin and Finance Hr. B. c. Johnson 

06 Registrar.. — Mrs. A. l. Williams 

08 Librarian. Hrs. H. R. Patterson 

30 Dir Instnl Plan-Development. Dr. L. King 

32 Dean of Students.. Rev. p. Stewart 

36 Director of Placement Services...... C. Fields 

14 Manager of Data Processing Hrs. D. Knighton 

26 Director-Public Relations Hr. F. Stallworth 

07 Director of Admissions... Rev. N. Gooden 

29 Director of Alumni Mr. F. Pearson 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. L. Reed 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hrs. s. Cheathaa 

49 Dean of the College Dr. W. B. shiver Jr. 

45 Plan Management and Evaluation Hrs. D. Walker 

61 Dean of -the Law School..,.. r. cook 

MOBILE COLLBGE 

P O Box 13220, Mobile 36613 Congressional District: 1 

county: Mobile PICE Identification: 001029 

Telephone (205) 675-5990 Entity Number: 1-63-041 -7508-A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollments 1,057 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,600 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditations SC, ADNUR, nur 

01 President Dr, William K. Heaver Jr. 

05 Academic vice Pres and Dean Dr. Eugene M. Keebler 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. R. E. Trimble 

32 Director of Student Affaire Mr. Harold Gully 

08 Librarian Mr. William N. Nelson 

06 Registrar Mrs. Barbara N » Smith 

30 Chief Development Officer Dr. Michael Magnoli 

NORTHEAST ALABAMA STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Highway 35, Rainsville 35986 Congressional District: 4 

County: De Kalb PICE Identification: 001031 

Telephone (205) 228-6001 Entity Number: 1-63-050-4999-A 1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,072 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $400 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Ernest R. Knox 

32 Dean of Students.. Dr. Edwin Kent Horner 

05 Dean of Instruction..... ; Dr. Charles H. Pendley 

10 Business Manager Mr. Edwin A. Hester 

08 Librarian.... Hrs. Ann B. Bittel 

51 Director Continuing Education Hrs. Anna R . Campbell 

NORTHWEST ALABAMA STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

I 

Phil Campbell 35581 Congressional District: 4 

County: Franklin PICE Identification: 001032 

Telephone (205) 993-5331 Entity Number: 1-63-046-3372-A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 923 

Ondargradua te Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR 

01 President....... Dr. James A. Glasgov 

05 Dean of the College Hr, Kenneth B. Taylor 

06 Registrar Hr. Charles T. Taylor 

10 Custodian of Funds Mrs. Willie A. Vinson 

14 Dir Research- Computer service. Mrs. Lora Conrad 

45 Dir Tennessee Valley Center.. Mr. Eugene Hutchens 


0AKW00D COLLEGE 

Huntsville 35806 
Comty: Madison 
Telephone (205) 837-1630 
Established 1896 


Congressional District; 5 
FICB Identification: 001033 
Entity Number; 1-63-036-6652-A1 

Coed 


Enrollment: 1,301 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,950 

Affiliation: Seventh-Day Adventists Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Calvin 0. Rock 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Mervyn Warren 

10 Business Manager Mr. Donald Oxley 

30 Instnl Advancement Planning Dr. Rosa T. Banks 

37 Director of Student Finance Dr. Arnett Montague 

07 Dean of Admissions Dr. Roy Malcolm 

06 Supervisor of Records Vacant 

33 Acting Dean of Men...., Mr. Leonard Tucker 

34 Dean of Women.. Mrs. Lovey Verdun 

08 Librarian Miss Jannith L. Lewis 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Robert T. Andrews 

PATRICK HENRY STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Monroeville 364 60 Congressional District: 

County; Monroe PICE Identification: 001034 

Telephone (205) 575-3156 Entity Number: 1-6 3-050-30 1 6- A 1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 672 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $300 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor' 3 Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President............ Dr. Cecil L. Murphy 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Donald K. Hudson 

10 Business Manager Mr. Ernest H. Penny 

06 Registrar Mrs. Hary J. Brown 

32 Dean Students hr. Bob Westbrook 

08 Head Librarian Mrs. Dale Welch 

30 Treasurer Mrs. Sara Dollihite 

04 Assistant to President Dr. John E. Delonay 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Bob Grissette 

25 Contract Administrator Mrs. Judy Hanning 

51 Director Continuing Education Mr. Ron Dees 

♦S. D. BISHOP STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

351 North Broad, Mobile 36603 Congressional District: 1 

County: Mobile FICE Identification: 001030 

Telephone (205) 690-6418 Entity Number: 1-63-050-7477- HI 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,605 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $242 
Control: State Quartet 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR 

01 President Dr. Sanford D. Bishop 

05 Dean Mr. Frank Miller 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. Cleophas Jones 

32 Student Personnel Director Mr. Willie F. Taylor 

04 Special Administrative Asst.. Or. Janice R. Kennedy 

SANFORD UNIVERSITY 

800 Lake3hore Drive, Birmingham 35209 

Congressional District: 6 
county: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001036 

Telephone (205) 070-2011 Entity Number: 1 -63-031-29 14-A1 

Established 1841 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,094 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,500 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arcs 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; SC, ADNUR, AHBST, LAW, HUS, NUR, PEIAB, TED 
01 President Dr. Leslie S. Wright 

05 vice Pres for Academic Affairs..... Dr. Rurio E. Wheeler 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs.. Mr. H. Evan zeiger 

32 Dean of Stdnt e Place Services Dr. H. L. Martin 

04 Asst to Pres Cmty Rel Mrs. Margaret D. Sizemore 

07 Dean Admis & Coord Finan Ata Mr. E. T. Cleveland 

06 Registrar Dr. Travis J. Tindal 

08 Librarian Mr, Francis W. Ilelmbold 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Lee }f« Allen 

50 Dean of Business.... Dr. William D. Geer 

53 Dean of Education Dr. John T, Carter 

64 Dean of Music Dr. Claude H. Rhea Jr. 

67 Dean of Pharmacy Dr. John E. Wintter 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Martha Hearn 

61 Dean of Law. . . i . . Dr. Donald E. Corley 



•iUklifll, 


QHITEBSI1I 

1501 Lapsley Street, Selma 36701 congressional District: 7 
County: Dallas PICE Identification: 001037 

*alephone (205) 872-2533 Entity Nuober: 1-6 3-036— 7461 — A1 

BBtablished 1870 Coed 

Bntollaont: 317 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 31,501 

if ti liation: Baptist Seiester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

° i President Dr. H. c. Cleveland Jr. 

TO Business Manager and Bursar Mrs. E. S. Smith 

05 Dean.. Dr. D . 8. Davaon 

Librarian.. Mrs. Marieta Hatcher 

■3 0 Director of Development Mr. Frank B. Dean 

3 2 Dean of student Personnel John Harris 

37 Director of Pinancial Aid Mr. Clifford Jackson 

06 Registrar Mrs. Pauline D. Anderson 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Rowena P. Cleveland 

29 Director of Alumni Mr. Pleasant L. Lindsey 

3 0 Director Testing and Guidance......... Mrs. Haddie A. Shelton 

55 Director of Evening Division Dr. B. 8. Dawson 

~f 3 Dean of Theology George Shelton 

**5 Pinancial A id Coordinator..... Mrs. Bettie B. Jackson 


♦ SHELTOX STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Drawer J E Side Section, Tuscaloosa 35404 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Tuscaloosa PICE Identification: 005691 

telephone Entity Number: 1-63-60O-2149-A1 

Efata bl is bed 

Enrollment: 0 Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ram: 

Accreditation: SC 


Control: Organized as Profit Hoking Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Progran: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor’s 
Accreditation: BSC, JRCB 

01 President Kenneth C. Horne 

04 Admin? Assistant to President Linda D. King 

00 Director southern Institute Anne S. Horne 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Diane Clover 

06 Registrar Sally Harrison 

07 Director of Admissions Betty C. stonecypher 

08 Head Librarian Dr. Bobby Appleton 

10 Business Manager.... Charles Hanks Jr. 

14 Director computer Center Jerry Shurbet 

32 Director of Student Activities.... Bill Funshee 

33 Dean of students Louis Wilhite 

36 Job Placement Director Detty S. Rowell 

37 Director of Financial Aid Jin G. Dockman 


♦SOUTHERN ONION STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Hadley 36276 Congressional District: 3 

County: Randolph PICE Identification: 001040 

Telephone (205) 395-2211 "ntity Number: 1-63-049-4 601-A1 

Established 1922 Coea 

Enrollment: 1,540 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Loss Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. L. Ray Jones 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. John R. Carmichael 

10 Business Manager Mr. Jerry Brazeal 

32 Dean of Student Pars Affairs...... Mr. Patrick J. Salatt 

05 Librarian Hr. Robert H. Adams 

06 Registrar Mr. Larry East 

45 Dir Institutional Development Hr. Halter Farr 

55 Director of Evening Division Dr. Joanne s. Jordan 


SHEAD STATE JONICB COLLEGE 


♦SPRING HILL COLLEGE 


Mala 

Caun 

Tele 

Esta 

Enio 

Cotit 

High 

Prog 

P 

Acer 

3 1 Pee 

04 AS.S 

0 5 Dea 

1 O Tee 
0 6 Dir 
■ 7 Dea 

: Dir 
Dir 
Elr 


ut Street, Boaz 35957 Congressional District: 4 

ty: Marshall PICE Identification: 001038 

phone (205) 5S3-5120 Entity Number: 1 - 6 3 -05 2- 1 4 1 2 - A 1 

blisbed 1093 Coed 

liment: 967 

Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $300 
col: state Quarter 

est Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
ram: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
rincipally Bachelor's Creditable 
ed itation: SC, IA0VET 

William H. Osborn 

t to Pres e Dir Research... Tom J. Bagget 

n of Instruction Arra L, Lambert 

asurer Beverly J. smith 

Learning Resource Services Ara B. Sanders 

n of Students Harold L. Worthy 

ector Counseling Services Gaines B. Henderson 

Admie-Bec-Pinan Assistance Joan R. Abies 

Evening Div-Coop Education Robert Biseling 


ODTHB ASTERN BIBLE COLLEGE 
2901 pawnee Avenue, Birmingham 35205 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001039 
Telephone (205) 251-2311 Entity Number: 1-63-033-8081-A1 
Established 1935 Co8l3 
Enrollment: 244 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 32,200 
Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 
Highest Offering: Master's 


/ T 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: BI 

Teacher Preparatory; 

J *+ 

Eie c Vice Pres-Dic Adois 6 Sec.... 


3 2 






1 Q 



O 6 



03 

Dean of Paculty 



SOUTHERN JUNIOB COUEGE OP BUSINESS 

1 724 Pirst Avenue North, Birmingham 35203 

« » r- ? icrKKt;^ r S35 

SJ^blished 1969 BDtity NUBb8r: >63-059-6812-41 

Enrollment: 1,270 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: *2^100 


4307 Old Shell Road, Mobile 36608 Congressional District: 1 
County: Mobile PICE Identification: 001041 

Telephone (205) 460-2121 Entity Number: 1 -63-030-2179-A1 

Established 1830 Coed 

Enrollment: 900 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,900 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President V Rev . Paul S. Tipton 

05 Academic Dean Dr. John P. MacNamara 

10 Y ice Pres Pinancial Affairs John R. Oester 

32 Dean of Students John M. Burton 

30 Director of Development Robert P. Johnson 

06 Registrar William L. Heath 

37 Director of Financial Aid Cecil M. Padgett 

07 Director of Admissions. , . Carey creagan 

38 Director of Counseling Center Rev. Elvood P. Meeker 

26 Director of Media Services Rebecca Pierson 

librarian.... Narcia M. Findley 

14 Director of Computer center Carrie B. Moore 

36 Director of Career Development Ann B . Ryan 

51 Director of Lifelong .Learning Michael F. Kaffor 

STILLMAN COLLEGE 

P 0 Drawer 1430, Tuscaloosa 35403 Congressional District* 7 
County: Tuscaloosa PICE Identification: 001044 

Telephone (205) 752-2548 Entity Number: 1-63-031-5935-M 

Established 1876 Coed 

633 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,550 

Affiliation: Presbyterian, U.S. Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

05 Dean^f “the * College.' ‘ ! ‘ ! i !.*".* ]“!!!“! . ^Dr^Ge^ge' E^ jJnes 

3 I£*sy ; 

S :: : : :: "if » ps 

45 Dir of Institutional Planning Mr. M Don2ld b silth 

26 Director of College Relations Jr. Billy J* 

38 Dir of counseling e Placement Mr^ Joseph s.‘ dSS 

♦TALLADEGA COLLEGE 

627 W Battle Street, Talladega 35160 


Congressional District; 3 



7 


ALABAMA 


County: Talladega PICE Identification: 001046 

Telephone (205) 362-2752 Entity Number: 1-63-028-8870- A1 

Established 1867 Coed 

Enrollment: 712 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 31,740 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc, sw 

01 President Dr. Joseph N. Gayles 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Roland Braithwaite 

45 Dir Instnl Research-Planning Dr. William E. Lusain 

30 Dir Develop-Alumni- Public Aff Mr. Joe A. Lee 

10 Comptroller Mr. Clarence Dortch 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Milton S. Hurst 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. John H. McCray 

06 Registrar Hr. Raymond N. KuDa 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hiss Cheryl L. Moore 

08 Librarian Mrs. Juliette S. Smith 

36 Director Student Placement Mrs. Mary S. McKinney 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. William P. Frazier 

14 Director of computer Center Dr. Douglas Morris 

TROY STATE UNIVERSITY 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Troy 36081 Congressional District: 2 

County: Pike PICE Identification: 008003 

Telephone (205) 566-3000 Entity Number: 1-63-600- 1 1 02-A1 

01 President... Dr. Ralph H. Adams 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Freddie W. Wood 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. James D. c. Robinson 

♦TROY STATE UNIVERSITY MAIN CAMPOS 

Troy 36081 Congressional District: 2 

County: Pike PICE Identification: 001047 

Telephone (205) 566-3000 Entity Number: 1-63-600-1 1 02-A1 

Established 1087 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,382 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $690 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: sc, nur, sw, ted 

01 President Dr. Ralph M . Adams 

10 Business Manager Mr. T. E Peeks 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Mr. Donald J. Gibson 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Jefferson Q. Golden 

07 Dean of Enrollment Services Mr. Ervin Wood 

05 Vice Pres for Acadeaic Affairs. Dr. Edward F. Barnett 

06 Registrar.. Hr. Walter B. Sullivan 

30 Director Development.. Mr. Walter K. Hennigan 

08 Librarian- C cm aun Services Hr. Kenneth Croslin 

71 Director Special Activities Dr. Nolan Hatcher 

♦ TROY STATE UNIVERSITY AT DOTIIAN-FOBT RUCKER 
227 North Foster Street, Dothan 36301 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Houston FICB Identification: 001048 

Telephone (205) 793-1445 Entity Number: 1-63-600-11 02-A3 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,612 

Undergraduate Tuition and FeeB (I n-State} : $010 
control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

professional 
Accreditation: SSC 

02 Vice President Mr. Robert Paul 

05 Asst Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Janes W. Grimmer 

10 Business Manager............. Vacant 

06 Director of Admissions... Mrs. Anne HcCuistian 

08 Librarian... Mrs. Harriet Venable 


♦TROY STATE UNIVERSITY AT MONTGOMERY 

231 Montgomery Street, Montgomery 36104 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Montgomery FICB Identification: 001049 

Telephone (205) 834-1400 Entity Number: 1-63-600-1 1 02-A2 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,606 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) ; $355 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess ional 

Accreditation: SSC, ADNI/R 


02 Vice President.... Dr. Millard E. Elrod 

10 Director of Business Affairs........... Mr. Jay E. Levan 

06 Registrar. Dr. Kline Johnson 

08 Librarian....... Hrs. Kay Fowler 

03 Asst to Vice Pres Adminv Aff Mr. Jack Joseph 

05 Asst to Vice Pres Acad-Fac Aff.... Dr. Martha Levis 


TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE 

Tuskegee Institute 36088 Congressional District: 3 

County: Macon PICE Identification: 001050 

Telephone (205) 727-8011 Entity Number: 1 -63-020-8878- A1 

Established 1881 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,435 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,200 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, DIET, ENG, NUR, OT, PTA, SW, VET 

01 President.............. Dr. Luther K. Foster 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Lucius A. Williams 

30 Vice President for Development Dr. Velma Blackwell 

04 Special Asst to the president Mr. Louis A. Rabb 

06 Registrar Hrs. Lillian G. Buford 

07 Admis Off-Asst Dean Stdnt Serv. ....... . Hr. Herbert E. Carter 

08 Librarian....... Mrs. Annie G. King 

32 Dean of Students.... Dr. Halter Sapp 

34 Associate Dean of Women Hrs. Rosa Fuller 

29 Alumni Affairs Officer Hrs. Fannye Harris 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. John Parker 

36 Dir Coop & Placement Services. Dr. James tf. Harris 

25 Interm Dir Carver Research Fdn Dr. Margaret Tolbert 

15 Dir Staff Personnel Services Hr. Emanuel M. Hiller 

49 Dean college Arts and Sciences Dr. Ollie Williamson 

63 Vice Pres for Health Affairs Vacant 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Lauranne Sams 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. Walter C. Bowie 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Z. W. Dybczak 

53 Dean of Education 1 Dr. Grady Taylor 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. William Lester 

47 Director of Agriculture........... Dr. Ronald Field 

48 Director of Architecture Mr. Charles Raine 

50 Director of Business Mr. Jimmie King Jr. 

59 Director of Home Economics Ms. Eloise Carter 

68 Director of Physical Education.... Dr. Howard Davis 

70 Director of Social Work Dr. Francis Taylor 

75 Director Vocational Education.. M9. Millie Robinson 

72 Dean school Applied Sciences Dr. George Cooper 

UNIVERSITY OF A1ABAMA 
♦SYSTEM OFPICB 

P 0 Box Bt, University 35486 Congressional District: 7 

County: Tuscaloosa PICE Identification: 008004 

Telephone (205) 348-5121 Entity Number: 1 -63-600-1 130-A1 

01 Chancellor Dr. Joseph F. Volker 

04 Sec of Board and Gen Counsel Mr. J. R. Bealle 

10 Asst to chanc Finan Affairs. Mr. David I. Carter 

05 Asst to Chanc Acad Programs. Vacant 

♦THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA 

University 35486 Congressional District: 7 

County: Tuscaloosa PICE Identification: 001051 

Telephone (205) 348-6010 Entity Number: 1-63-600-1130-Al 

Established 1831 Coed 

Enrollment: 17,606 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $765 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering; Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, AtJD, BUS, CLPSY, DIET, ENG, ENGT, iFIDER, 
JOUR, LAW, LIB, HUS, NUR, SP , SW, TED 

02 Acting President Dr. Howard B. Gundy 

45 Vice- Pres Plan and Operations Dr. Joseph T. Sutton 

04 Exec Asst Pres Extnl Affairs Hr. Floyd H. Kann 

05 Acting Academic Vice President. Dr. Roger E. Sayers 

10 Actg vice Pres Finan Affairs............ Mr. Robert A. Wright 

30 Vice Pres Ed Development Dr. John L, Blackburn 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs Dr. Albert S. Miles 

06 Regstr and Director of Testing Dr. Roy C. Smith 

07 Dean of Admission Services. Dr. Lawrence B, Durham 

09 Dir of Institutional Research.................. Ms. Kay Staub 

14 Director of Computer Center................ Dr. Hovey G. Reed 

13 Dir of Systems Development... Mr. Donald D. Truitt 

15 Director personnel Services... Mr. Hubert J. Kessler 

25. isst Vice President-Research.... Dr. Robert L. Wells 

26 Director University Relations.. Mr. John E. Denbov Jr. 

29 Actg Director Alumni Affairs........ Mr. Anthony B. Linn 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placement........ Hr. John F. Sofia 



8 KK l 


7 Director of Financial Aids Ms. Ruth T. Vincent 

e Dir Univ Counseling Center Dr. Edward H. Florey 

a Acting Dean of libraries Hr. Malcola M. MacDonald 

9 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Douglas E. Jones 

a Dean Cob G Bus Administration Dr. Kenneth P. Ohl 

1 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. William B. Bryan 

3 Dean of Education Dr. Paul G. Orr 

** Dean of Engineering ...... Dr. Killian E. Lear 

a Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Billias H. MacMillan 

9 Dean of Hose Economics Dr. Mary A. Crenshaw 

Q Dean School of communication Dr. William H. Melson 

* Dean of the school of Law Dr. Tboaas s. Christopher 

>2 Dean Grad Sch Library Services.... Dr. Jaaes D. Raiier 

3 Dean Community Health Sciences Dr. Hilaer J. Coggins 

*6 Dean Capstone Col of nursing Dr. Kathryn M. Crossland 

'0 Acting Dean of Social Work Dr. Doris M. Williaas 

* ON 1 VERSIT T OP A1ABIMA IN BIRMINGHAM 
University station, Birmingham 35294 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001052 

Telephone (205) 934-4011 Entity Nusber: 1-63-600-5396-A6 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,621 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : *795 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ANEST, BOS, DA, DENT, IDH , DIET, DIETI, 

DT, ENG, 2S A, MAC, MED, MBA, MRT, HT, NOR, OPT, OT, PH, 

PTA, PTAA , BAD, RSTH, RSTHT , SW, TED 

»2 President Or. S. R. Hill Jc. 

03 Vice President Administration Dr. J. D. Pewitt 

10 Vice President fer Finance Dr. Jerry D. Toung 

05 Vice President Bealth Affairs Dr. Charles A. McCallun 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Dr. John D. Jones 

06 Registrar Dr. Richard l. Miller 

07 Dir Admis Univarsity College...,, Dr. Don Belcher 

08 Chief Librarian- Dniv College..... Dr. Paul H. Spence 

09 Dir Institutional Research Ms. Elizabeth P. Pox 

14 AE3t Vice Pres Computing Aff Mrs. Janet wixson 

15 Asst Vice President Personnel Mr. Lionel C. Skaggs 

2 5 Coordinator Sponsored Programs Dr. Kenneth M. Pruitt 

27 Director Intonation Office Mrs. Gloria S. Goldstein 

M5 Dir Iastnl Studies S Services Dr. John M. Lyons 

37 Dir Office of Pinancial Aid . Mr. Gerald T. Bird 

50 Dean of School of Business Dr. M. Gene Newport 

52 Dean School of Dentistry Dr. Leonard a. Robinson 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Pain A. Guthrie 

54 Dean School of Engineering Or. Jaaes H. Woodward 

63 Dean of School of Medicine Dr. Jaaes A. Pittaan 

J? ea “ ° f Sch001 ° £ Hieing Dr. Marie L. O'Koren 

Co- Director Graduate School Dr. Blaine A. Brownell 

69 Dean -ch City S Allied Health Dr. Keith D. Blayney 

71 Ce#tl Division Special Studies Dr. John P. Anderson 

* *OMIV ERSITT OP ALAEABA IN HUNTSVILLE 

Count** A*a?L £JUDt3mie 35007 Congressional District: 5 

na 1i5? c FICE Identification: Q01055 

EsJabSished !?50 EDtUy " U,bet! ^-^-OSBO- A1 

Enrollment: 1, 675 Coed 

Control- state ynder 9 raduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : *768 
Highest Offering: Doctorate Quarter 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory- 
Professional v 

Accreditation: sc, ENG, nos 

2 President.. „ .... 


> vice Pre S 'for;d;;;iii;;a;;::::;;;:;;;;-jr. t>c jowSh £ KiSi 

\ f Dc - Elmer E. Anderson 


) Dir Develop and Unir Relations Dr. joeY Snathe 

I Director of the library Ill Mr John u 

: ir c Sii.Vt\ H i n 

iriJ-J!"::::;;;::?!- HS2- “SC? 

.* & riffle :::::::: i 

6 Dean School Graduate studies Dc^Ydeem F Hill 

9 Dean Hunan Eefcarioral Science nr r » A 4 h 

a Dean Science and Engineering ./.'/.I'.'.' 0r * Jaf a?' Hon2*n? 

86 Dean School of Nursing Y Yt!! 2?°‘ ani 

S3 D„„ scl sedical care I.". D^. ^uS'cipL" 


Telephone (205) 665-2521 Entity Nunber: 1 -63-600-0720-M 

Established 1096 Coed 

Enrollaent: 2,812 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $734 
Control: State semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, MUS, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. James F. Vickrey Jr. 

03 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs Dr. Russell G. Warren 

10 Business Manager Mr. John G. Blackwell 

08 Director of Libraries Mr. Robert B. Somers 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. Larry A. Peevy 

36 Dir Car Planning-Placement Mr. Christopher M. Hoff 

33 Associate Dean of Students Mr. James R. Wilkinson 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs.. Mrs. Jeannette C. Keller 

13 Director Information Systems Mr. Robert D. Story 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. John E. McKinnon 

27 Asst to Pres Media Relations Mr. Bill Keller 

37 Dir Pers Servs-Pinancial Aids Mrs. Linda L. Knowles 

30 Exec Dir Univ Relations Dr. John w. Van Valkenburg 

38 Director Student Development Dr. Wren Murphy 

04 Exec Asst to Pras-Dir Pub Aff Dr. Joseph Brindley 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. William Hamer 

15 Asst to Pres Pac 6 Staff Rel Dr. Gertrude M. McGuire 

19 Police Chief Mr. David Nichols 

49 Dean Col Arts and Sciences Dr. John Lott 

50 Dean of College of Business Dr. Bill Word 

53 Dean of College of Education Dr. Bill E. Fancher 

57 Dean of College of Fine Arts Dr. John W. Stewart 

ON IV ERSITT OP NORTH ALABAMA 

University Station, Florence 35630 Congressional District: 5 
County: Lauderdale PICE Identification: 001016 

Telephone (205) 766-4100 Entity Number: 1-63- 600-0093- A2 

Established 1872 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,189 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $680 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. Robert M. Guillot 

03 Executive vice President Mr. Roy S. Stevens 

09 Senior Vice Pres Res-Planning Dc. Turner W. Allan 

aI I ice * res , £or Student Affairs Dr. Walker T. McElheny 

05 Dean Paculty and Instruction Dr. William L. Crocker 

30 Dir Alumni- Government Affairs Mr. David c. Drown 

oft ?!k of . AdBissions and Records Mr. John H. ALlen 

34 Dean of student Life Kiss Pauline E. Gravlae 

«« ® ducatl0n Dr. Benjamin S. Dowd 

UQ S!!! 0t f ? 0 £ si09 :*:*: Dr - Frenesi p. Wilson 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. William F. McArthur Jr. 

50 Dean of Businass Hr. Lawrence a. Convill 

UNlVERSm OF SOUTH ALABAMA 

307 University Boulevard, Mobile 36688 

r .,. n+v . Congressional District: 1 

County: Mobile FICE Identification: 001057 

Estabiished ,2 1963 46 °* 6101 Entity Number; 1-63-047-7348- A1 

T i-JI COOd 


rtlXVfiSSITT OP MONTEYALLO 

Box 38, Montevallo 35115 
County: Shelby 


Congressional District: 7 
FICE Identification: 001004 


County: Mobile FI CE Identification: 001057 

Estabiished ,2 1963 46 °* 6101 Entity Number; 1-63-047-7348- A1 

Enrollment: 7,331 , Co9d 

Control- state 0ndecgcad 03 1® Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $991 
Highest Offering: Doctorate Quarter 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 1 ‘ 

toc si; t ;s; n ;.f' ANEST ' Bus ' cm) ' eng ' med ' mt ' hus ' niib ' 

Oil AsIis!aJt't0^be'pMgi54nt!!.*!.‘.”!:.'.?f:.f” aa Dj Ck R aiDh h ^ dOn 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs 1' , O J ^ 0S 

30 Dean Administrative Services ^ V L^! " “,h ° 

45 Executive Dir of Development Hr c J ° n 

10 Dean of Finance-Administration Mr Dovie n<?i’ Pa * 

32 Dean of Student Personnel rw. _ Dilla cd 

09 Dir of Institutional V-tRS* 11 

26 Director of Media Services . Dr John n 

07 Director of Admissions S’* Wright 

08 Director of Libraries ,***'Dr’ S * sarns 

06 Registrar ° Vm Charles B. Lowrey 

15 Director of Personnel ‘services ! [ " rS ‘ M 1 Parhao 

19 Chief of Security *"*•* Nr * Tsd Ferguson 

37 Director of Pinancial Aid.' ‘ l '.'.'.1'. '' * «;* ^ ak0 y 

25 Director Sponsored Programs nr ! Rodgers 

33 Chief student Life Officer.::::..;: ^ Galbcait h 

14 Director Computer Center k! 'n B1 ? h / C / Nelson 

36 Director of Pl.c.nt Services ... "I "'ir^oSi SSiS 



9 


AkfcSKA 


58 Dean Grad Sch-Dir of Research........ Dr. Sheldon F. Gottlieb 

54 Dean College of Engineering Dr. Harold V. Rodriguez 

51 Dean Cont Bd-Evening Studies Dr. Ed Bunnell 

4 9 Dean of Arts and Sciences...... Dr. If. w . Kaetnpfer 

50 Dean Business and ttgnt Studies.......... Dr. Donald c. Mosley 

53 Dean of Education Dr. George Uhlig 

63 Dean-Vice Pres Medical Affairs Dr. Stanley E. Crawford 

66 Dean of School of Nursing Dr. Dora Blackmon 


tyALKER COLLEGE 

Jasper 35501 Congressional District: « 

County: Walker PICE Identification: 001058 

Telephone (205) 387-0511 Entity Number: 1- 63-036-92 16-A 1 

Established 1930 Coed 

Enrollment: 718 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 41,110 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President......... David J. Rowland 

05 Dean Acad A ffairs-Admissions . Jases B. West 

03 Vice President Jack L. Mott 

06 Registrar... Alline S. Suane r 

06 Librarian... Riette Sue Bryant 

32 Dean of students....... Jerry L. Dollar 

26 Director of Public Relations Robert V. Moore 


WALLACE STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE AT HANCEVILLE 

P 0 Box 250, Hanceville 35077 Congressional District: 4 

County: Cullaan FICE Identification: 007871 

Telephone (205) 352-6403 Entity Number: 1-63-049-8828-A 1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,139 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fee s(ln-State) : $300 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, # DA , ML TAD , HRT, RAD 


01 President... Janes C. Bailey 

05 Acadenic Dean...; Janes E. Van Horn 

10 Treasurer... Rebecca A. Shaw 

26 Public Relations Officer Billy R. Chambers 

32 Dean of Students Garlen E. Gudgor 

07 Director of Admissions Chelsie R. McAfee 

06 Registrar Diane M. Harris 

37 Financial Aia Officer Judy L. Robertson 

66 Dean Junior College Division Bob G. Quthery 

75 Dean Tech College Division Rayburn R. Williams 

68 Dir Health and Physical Ed Dwight D. Tucker 




ALASKA BIBLE COLLEGE 


Box 289, Glennallen 99508 Congressional District: At Large 
County* Valdez-Chitina-Bhitt PICE Identification: 029117 

Telephone (907) 822-3201 Entity Nuaber: 1-92-002-1800 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollaent: 79 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $980 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prograa: Professional 
Accreditation: 3B1 

01 president,. Hr. Donald B. Campbell 

05 Acadenic Dean... Dr. Bdward A. Francis 

30 Director of Development Mr. Glenn H. Willis 

33 'Dean of Men.. Mr. Gary J. Ridley 

34 Dean of Noaen Miss Eileen G. Starr 

37 Regstr-Director of Adaissions. ......... . Mrs. Carol C. Ridley 


ALASKA PACIFIC UNIVERSITY 


University Drive, Anchorage 99504 

Congressional District: At Large 
cocnty: Anchorage FICE identification: 001061 

Telephone (907) 276-8181 Entity Nuaber: 1- 92-600-4S57-A1 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollaent: 269 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 42,350 

Affiliation: United Methodist Senester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; leaaher Preparatory 
Accreditation: snw 

01 President....... Dr. Glenn A. Olds 

05 Provost Dr. Raghbir S. Basi 

30 Vice President for Development. .. Mr. Ton Ward 

10 Business Officer Mr. James Donley 

32 Dean of StudentB.. Dr. Jane Branson 

06 Registrar... Ms. Jeanette D. Brooks 

37 Director of Planning.. Hr. Janes B. Stevens 


SHELDON JACKSON COLLEGE 


Box 479, Sitka 99835 Congressional District; At Large 

County: Sitka FICE Identification: 001062 

Telephone (907) 747-5220 Entity Nuaber: 1-92-004- 1 0 13- A 1 

Established 1B70 Coed 

Enrollment: 163 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,650 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NW 

01 President.. Dr. Hugh H. Holloway 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff and Dean Dr. Charles c. Bovee 

10 Business Manager Mr. Lester A. Radach 

30 Director of Development.. Hr. Maxwell v. Perrov 

06 Registrar Mrs. Elizabeth D. Benner 

08 Librarian Mrs. Evelyn K. Bonner 

32 Financial Aid Counselor Mr. Douglas W. flerseua 


UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA 


♦SYSTEM OFFICE 


Bunnell Building, Fairbanks 99701 

Congressional District; At Large 
County: Fairbanks FICE Identification; 008005 

Telephone (907) 479-721 1 Entity Nuaber: 1 -92-600-0 1 47 -A1 

01 President Dr. Jay Barton 

03 Executive vice President..... Dr. Sherman Carter 

15 Actg Dir Statewide Personnel. Ms. Ruth Reed 

45 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Aff-Plan Dr. Hillard R. Hoffman 

29 Director Alumni Services Mrs. Evelyn D. Walters 

08 Director of Libraries.. Hr. Robert H. Geiaan 

04 Assistant to President Mr. Dennis Dennert 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff 6 Planning Dr. Woodworth Thrombley 

14 Exec Dir-Conputer Network Hr. Reed Davis 

30 Acting Director of Development Mrs. Dixie Brown 

27 Director Information Services Mr. Gerald E. Bovkett 

10 Assoc Vice Pr esident-Pinance Mr. Ashok Dhingra 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA FAIRBANKS CAMPUS 


Fairbanks 99701 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Fairbanks Division FICE identification: 0Q1063 

Telephone (907) 479-7112 Entity Nunber: 1-92-600-0147-A1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,489 

undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *572 
Control: State Seaester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory;. 
Professional 

Accreditation: NW, ENG, MUS 

02 Chancellor Dr. Howard A. Cutler 

10 Dir Administrative Services..... Mr. Anthony B. Frol 

06 Dir Adaissions and Records Mrs. Ann M. Trenarello 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Harris w. Shelton 

09 Vice Chanc Res-Advanced Study Dr. Keith Mather 

49 Actg Dean Col Arts and Science Dr. M. Elizabeth Shutler 

50 Dean School of Management. ....... .. . . Dr. William J. Phillips 

53 Dean School of Education..... Dr. Charles K. Ray 

54 Dean School of Engineering Dr. Vincent S. Hannenan 

47 Dean Agric-Land Res Management Dr. Janes Drew 

72 Dean School Mineral Industry Dr. Earl Biestllne 

65 Dean College Bnvrnmtl Sciences Dr. Juan A. Roderer 


♦♦UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA NORIHWBST COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Pouch 400, Nome 99762 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Nome Division FICE Identification: 029245 

Telephone Entity Nuaber: 1-92-600-01 47-B5 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $0 
control: state 
Highest Offering: 

Prograa: 

Accreditation: 3NW 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA TANANA VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

201 Constitution Hall, Fairbanks 99701 

Congressional District: At Large 
County: North star FICE Identifications 029093 

Telephone (907) 479-7957 Entity Number: 1-92-600-Q 1 47-B6 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,916 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $572 
Control: State Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 



h S r \ 


iccc aditat ion: »NV 

<■*2 Can pus President Dr. Rodney Enos 

Begiatration Officer Marsha Heckman 

Business Manager - Mildred Moore 

^3 Bean Car-Technical Education Dr. Jolene Workman 

"l Dean Continuing Education Michelle Bartlett 


71 Chairman «”• Patricia Morris 

50 Chairman Hr - Da y ne Clark 

56 Chairnan Kr - Dennis steffy 

53 Chairnan « rs * Marge Hays 

49 Chair Ban Hrs - GiB 9 e,: Steffy 

57 Chairnan Hr. Lance Petersen 


‘GHIVERSITY OF ALASKA AHCHOR AGE CAMPOS 

3211 Providence Drive, Anchorage 99504 

Congressional District: At Large 
County: Anchorage PICE Identification: 011462 

Telephone <907) 263-1600 Entity Nuaber: 1-92-600-0147-B2 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,144 

Undergraduate Tuition aod Paes{I n-State) : $452 
Control: State Trimester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Prog ra a: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P ro fess ional 
Accreditation: NW, HUR 

0 2 Chancellor Dr- Frank Harrison 

0 5 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. David Outcalt 

lO Vice Chanc Business Affairs Mr. F. Stan Vaughn 

32 vice chanc Student Affairs Dr. Lee Piccard 

09 Director of Library Dr. Jack W. O'Bar 

06 Dir Admissions and Registrar Mrs. Kay Wilson 

09 Director Institutional studies Ms. Pamela Hunt 

t 5' Director of Personnel Mr. Peter Gallagher 

26 Director of Public Affairs Hr. Mel Carter 

37 Director Financial Aid Dr. Edvard Nichols 

6 9. Director Athletic Prograas Dr. Gene Templeton 

M 9 Dean Col of Arts and Sciences Dr. Marvin Loflin 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Stan Johnson 

54 Director Division Engineering Dr. Gene Dickason 

75 Director Criminal Justice Dr. John Angell 

6 6 Dean School of Nursing Dr. Claire Martin 

7 0- Director Alcohol 6 Addiction Or. Bernard Segal 

5 0 Dean Sch Bos and Pub Adnin.. Dr. Robert McWilliams 


* UNIVERSITY OP ALASKA ANCHORAGE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

2533 Providence Drive, Anchorage 99504 

Congressional District: At Large 
Coanty: Anchorage FICE Identification: 001064 

Telephone (907) 263-1200 Entity Nuaber: 1-92-600-0147-B2 

Established 1954 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,336 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (I n-State) : $442 
Control: State Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Thau 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation; NH , ADNUR, DA, DH, PHUR 

0 2 Campus President Dr. Edvin Biggerstaff 

10 Business Manager Mr. Robert Maloney 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Doris Simmons 

27 Director Public Information.. Mr. David Michael 

09 Director Institutional Studies Ms. Pamela Hunt 

25 Contract Manager Mr. Evan Johnson 

09 Librarian... Dr. Jack 8. O'Bar 

32 Dean Educational Services Dr. Roger Worsley 

06 Dir Admissions aDd Registrar Mr. Randall B. Miller 

19 Director Safety and Security Mr. Glenn Brooks 

37 Director Financial Aid Hs. Eleanor Brown 

05 Dean Instructional Services Mr. Hon Smith 

7 0 Director Social Sciences Hr. Edvard Cordova 

65 Dir Math 6 Natural Science Mr. Bob Spurt 

52 Director Dental Prograas....... ns. Geraldine Morrow 

5 1 Dir actor. Comauni ty Education Mr. Fred Hubs 

0 9 Director Technology 6 Transfer Mr. Larry Kingry 

♦ UNIVERSITY 0F A1ASKA KENAI PENINSULA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA KODIAK COHHUNITY COLLEGE 


Bor 648, Soldotna 99669 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Renal PICE Identification: 001066 

Telephone (907) 262-5801 Entity Nuaber: 1-92-600-0147-B4 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 830 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $430 
Control; State Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation; Hli 

0 2 Can pus President Dr. j ohn G . pii se y 

05 Chief Acadenic Officer Dr. Margo Zvelov 

0 6 Registrar. Or. Chris w. Butzen 

tO Chief Business Officer Mrs. Betty England 

QO .Librarian Hrs. Ethel Clausen 

38 Chairnan Student Services Hr. James Morrison 

75 Director Vocational Education Hr. Thomas Wagoner 


Box 946, Kodiak 99615 Congressional District: At Large 

county: Kodiak FICE Identification: 000315 

Telephone (907) 486-4161 Entity Number: 1 -92-600-0 147-A8 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 503 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $410 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; NH 

02 Campus President Mrs. Carolyn Floyd 

05 Chief Academic Officer Mrs. Carol llagel 

10 Chief Business Officer Hr. Harold Naughton 

38 Director of Student Services Mr. Paul Stubbe 

♦ONIVERSITY OF ALASKA KUSKOKWIM COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Box 368, Bethel 99559 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Bethel FICE Identification: 011045 

Telephone (907) 543-2621 Entity Number: 1 -92-600-0147-A6 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 186 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In- State) : $410 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NW 1 

02 Campus President George Irvin 

05 Dean of Instruction Joan Zimmerman 

10 Business Manager Milton Fudge 

06 Director of Records Vacant 

32 Director student Services..... Fran Reich 

51 Adult General Studies Marcia Manley 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA MATANUSKA-SUSITNA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Box 899, Palmer 99645 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Matanuska-Susitna PICE Identification: 001068 

Telephone (907) 745-4256 Entity Number: 1 -92-600-0 1 47-A9 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 416 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $410 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NM 

02 Campus President Mr. Alvin S. Okeson 

75 Dean of Instruction Dr. Glen Massey 

♦UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA JUNEAU 

11120 Glacier Highway, Juneau 99802 

Congressional District; At Large 
County: Juneau PICE Identification; 011463 

Telephone (907) 7B9-2101 Entity Number: 1 -92-600-0 147-A 3 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 354 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $422 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 3NW 

02 chancellor Dr. Michael e. Paradise 

05 Dean for Academic Affairs Dr. W. Russell Jones 

45 University Executive Officer Dr. Charles R. Fields 

10 Dir Administrative Services Mr. Harry E. Keim 

27 Director University Relations Mr. William J. Marchese 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Remonda Shoemaker 

32 Director of Student Services Dr. Howard Lindskoog 

06 Registrar Ms. Meribeth A. Dahlberq 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Gene Hickey 

37 Counselor Financial Aid Hs. jay Yamada 

36 Counselor Student Placement Hs. Sheila Colhert-Kerns 

08 Director of Library Hr. Alan E. Schorr 

65 Director Natural Sciences Dr. Richard Gard 

53 Director Teacher Education Dr. Lawrence L. Oldaker 

50 Director Business Division Hs. Roberta Stoll 

49 Dir Hum 6 Social Science Dr. Phillip N. Hooker 

51 Dir cont Ed 6 Public Service Dr. Myrna Cassel 

72 Director Jdcc Division Dr . Richard Lee 



ARIZOHB 


11 


♦ UNIVERSITY OP ALASKA KETCHIKAN community college 

7th and Madison, Ketchikan 99901 

Congressional District: At Large 
County: Ketchikan FICE Identification: 001067 

Telephone (907) 225-6177 Entity Number: 1-92 -600-01 47-A7 

Established 1950 Coed 

Enrollment: 519 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $010 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

05 President.... Dr. Eugene B. Scheer 

06 Registration Clerk.. Ms. Cathy Vanderbilt 

00 Librarian Hr. Robert D. Warner 

10 Fiscal Officer....... Mr. Glad Cunning 

75 Director career Education • Hr. Lawrence D. Boyar 


♦UNIVERSITY OP ALASKA SITKA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Box 1090, Sitka 99035 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Sitka PICE Identification: 001069 

Telephone (907) 747-6653 Entity Number: 1-92-600-0147-83 

Established 1962 Coea 

Enrollment: 289 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $410 
Control: State , Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: BNW 

02 Campus President Hr. David R, Knapp 


01 

05 
32 
10 

03 
30 

04 
29 
00 
07 
37 

06 
45 
09 

25 

14 

15 
58 

26 

49 
70 
61 
66 
54 
48 

50 
53 
57 
56 


Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: HH, ARCH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, COPSY, ENG, ENGT, 
HSA , JOUR, LAW, HUS, HUR, SP, SW, TED 


President. 

Prov 6 Academic Vice President 
Vice Pres for student Affairs. 
Vice Pres Business Affairs..... 
Vice President Administration. 

Director of Development 

Assistant to the President.... 
Exec Dir of Alumni Association 

University Librarian... 

Dean o£ Admissions..... 

Director Student Financial Aid 

Registrar 

Director Institutional Budgets 
Dir Instgl Studies-Planning . . . 
Dir Research Grants-Contracts . 
Asst Vice Pres Computer Serv.. 
Acting Director of Personnel... 

Dean Graduate College 

Dean Col of Public Programs... 
Dean College of Liberal Arts.. 
Dean Grad Sch Soc Serv Admin.. 
Dean of the College of Law.... 
Dean of College of Nursing.... 
Dean College of Engr Sciences. 
Dean College of Architecture.. 
Dean Col Bus Administration... 
Dean of College of Education.. 

Dean College of Fine Arts 

Dean Oniv Ext-Dlr Summ Session. 


. . . Dr. John w . Schwada 
Dr. Paige E. Hulhollan 
.... Dr. George F. Hamm 
. . . . Hr. Jack G. Penick 
. Dr. V. Alonso Metcalf 
.... Mr. Carl S. Hiller 
... He. Troy F. Crowder 
... Mr. Donald V. Dotts 
. . . Dr. Donald E. Riggs 
.. Dr. Roger H. Swanson 
Mr. Daniel B. Martinez 
. Hr. Enos E. Underwood 
. . . Mr. Alan W. Carroll 
.... Dr. John D. Parker 
Dr. Harold B. Hunnicutt 

Dr. Lynn Bellamy 

.. Mr. Richard j. Hurra 
.. Dr. Charles M. Woolf 
.. Mr. Frank J. Sackton 
.. Dr. Guido G. tfeigend 

Dr. Ismael Dieppa 

.. Dr. Alan A. Matheson 
. Dr. Juanita F. Murphy 
... Dr. C. Roland Haden 

Or. Hugh Burgess 

.. Dr. Glenn D. Overman 
... Dr. Robert. T. Stout 
...... Dr. Jules Heller 

. ... Dr. Denis J . Kigln 


ARIZONA 


AMERICAN GRADUATE SCHOOL OF INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 


Thundarbird Campus, Glendale 85306 Congressional District: 3 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 001070 

Telephone (602) 978-7011 Entity Number: 1 -86 -0 1 0-55Q6-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 990 undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President ' Dr. William Voris 

03 Executive Vice President Mr. Barger Erickson 

07 Dean of Admissions Dr. Robert L . Gulick Jr. 

10 Asst Vice Pres and Controller... Hr. Lee Stickland Jr. 

00 Librarian i Hiss Lora J. Wheeler 

32 Asst Vice Pres-Dean Students.... Hr. Stephen R. Beaver 

36 Director of Career Services Mr. Charles Hannel 

05 Dean of Faculty Dr. Marshall Geer III 

06 Registrar Hr. John J. Arthur 

15 Director of Personnel Mrs. Evelyn L. Theobald 

26 Director of Communications Ms. Sonia Thurmond 

30 Dir Development-Public Affairs Dr. Robert G. Horn 


♦ARIZONA COLLEGE OF THE BIBLE 

2045 W Northern Avenue, Phoenix 85021 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 029142 

Telephone (602) 995-2670 Entity Number: 1-86-025-5393-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 83 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,310 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3BI 

01 President..... Rev. Leonard w. Fleming 

05 Adainr of Academic Affairs Dr. John D. Bechtle 

06 Regstr-Coord Student Affairs Miss Claudia M H. Fong 

08 Librarian Hr. Oral W. Brown 

10 Financial Director Mrs. Ann M. Bedel 

29 Exec Sec-Alumni Association. Rev. Paul E. Eymann 

30 Administrator-Public Affairs. Hr. Harold B. Chamberlain 


ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 

Teape 85281 
County: Maricopa 
Telephone (602) 965-9011 
Established 1805 
Enrollment: 37,755 

Ondergradua 

Control: State 


Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 001081 
Entity Number: 1-86-019-6696-A1 

Coed 

Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $600 
Semester 


ARIZONA WESTERN COLLEGE 


P 0 Box 929, Yuma 85364 Congressional District: 3 

County: Yuma FICE Identification: 001071 

Telephone (602) 726-1000 Entity Number: 1-86-0 1 7-9321-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,939 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $238 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR 

01 President Dr. Kenneth E. Borland 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Janes Hillbink 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Glenn Hayle 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Miss Phyllis Edamatsen 

10 Dean of Business Services Mr, Robert W. Stewart 

14 Director of Data Processing Mrs. Deanna Shaw 

45 Dean of Institutional Service Mr. William J. Sims 

19 Director of Security Mr. Manuel Cabreva 

06 Dean of student Affairs Hr. Jim carruthers 

32 Director of Student Life Hr. Frank Grostayne 

30 Director External Funding Mrs. Ann Wiggins 

08 Head Librarian Mrs. Barbara McCracken 

27 Director of Public Information Hr. Henry I. Kertnan 

37 Director of Financial Aid... Mr. Luis Barajas 

38 Director of Counseling Mr. Charles Powell 

15 Personnel Coordinator . . Mrs. Dee Loris Davis 

51 Assoc Dean Cont& car Education Dr. John K. Levis 

75 Director of Community Services.. Mrs. Fern Drysdale 

50 Div Chrmn Business-Agriculture Mr. Gary Foy 

72 Div Chran Technology-Pine Acts........... Mr. Edward G. Lavis 

70 Div Chairman Social Sciences Mr. John Ahearn 

49 Div Chairman Science 6 Hath* Dr. Donald Clay 

66 Div Chrmn of Nur and Home Ec Mrs. Esther Howe 

68 Div Chran Health-Phy Bd-Recr Mrs. Larue Heath 

60 Div Chairman Communications Hr. Vincent Riggs 


CENTRAL ARIZONA COLLEGE 

Woodruff at Overfield Rd, Coolldge 85228 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Pinal FICE Identification: 007283 

Telephone (602) 723-4141 Entity Number: 1 -86-018-0838-A1 

Established 1962 • Coed 

Enrollment: 5,286 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $231 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 8ut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR 

01 President Dr. Mel A. Everinghaa 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.. Mr. Wayne Gerkin 

10 Dean of Business Affairs... Hr. Dennis Jenkins 

30 Vice Pres for Development Dr. Dale R. Gibson 

08 Dir Instr MAT center Hr. Theron H. Atkinson 



AB2£SHJu. 


12 . 


2 6 Director of Hews Services....... Sr. Charles Beinebold 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Robert Thompson 

06 Dir Admissions and Registrar Ms. Cheri ttcGlyn 

32 Dean Stdnts-Signal Peak Campus. Dr. Joanna Hichelich 

56 Dean Ariz St Prison Programs Mr. William L. Flores 

75 Dean of Voc Ed Signal Peak Can Dr. Francis colgan 

** 9 Dean of Instr Signal Peak Dr. Charles Rail 

OO Dean of Instr Aravaipa Campus. .............. . Mr. Larry Cline 

COCHISE COLLEGE 

Douglas 85607 Congressional District: 2 

County: Cochise FICE Identification: 001072 

Telephone (602) 364-7943 Entity Huaber: 1-86-018-315 1-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,10S 

Ondergradoate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $328 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

0 1 President Dr. Ernest J. Chiakaakis 

02 Provost Sierra Yista Caapus....... Mr. Richard D. Myers 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. Jaaes F. Graff 

32 vice President Student Affairs Mr. Dan V. Rehurek 

OB Dir Learning Resources Center Hiss cathi Lincer 

05 Vice President of Instruction Mr. Toa Saddoups 

06 Registrar.... Mr. Mark Yon Destinon 

51 Director Continuing Education.... Dr. Toa Waddell 

COLLEGE OF GANADO 

Ganado 86505 Congressional District: 4 

County: Apache FICE Identification: 010878 

Telephone (602) 755-3442 Entity Nuaber: 1-86-025-8222-A1 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollaent: 264 Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,420 

Control: Independent Ncnprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HR 

01 President Dr. Thomas C. Jackson 

05 Director of Acadenic Affairs Dr. H. Daniel Masdea 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Edvard H. Janz 

32 Director of Student Affairs Mr. Michael F. Wilson 

30 Dir Develop Public Relations Mrs. Gretchen K. Peniska 

06 Registrar Hiss Mae Austin 

08 Head Librarian Mr. Harris M. Richard 

09 Dir Instnl Res 6 Fees Services Mrs. Sara M. Jacobs 

♦ DEYRY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

4702 north 2Mth Street, Phoenix 85016 

Congressional District: « 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 008322 

Telephone (602) 956-8806 Entity Nuaber: 1-36-260-4699-A4 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollaent: 2,635 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,300 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Triaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 

accreditation: ENGT, NATTS 

Ol President Hr. Harry Overton 

10 Dean of Financial Affairs Hr. C. G. Uendrick3 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Robert Kershaw 

25 Dir of Educational Services Mr. Jerry Kaseburg 

37 Associate Dean of Students Mr. James Marrian 

38 Associate Dean of Students Hiss Abe Dabibi 

06 Registrar Mr. George Fritzsche 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. A E t Geiger 

36 Director Graduate Placement Mr. Sandy Greqory 

08 Chief Librarian Hrs. Charlene Trainer 

72 Dean Elec Sngr Technology.. Mr. Michael A. Crawley 

7 5 Dean Electronic Technician Hr. Herbert Pasch 

7 1 Dean Entry Level Program Hr. Ji* savage 


01 President Mc - ?\ H = Gr * th 

05 Vice Pres Stdnt 6 Acad Affairs Dr. Ralph 0. Ocr 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Mr- Jesse U. Devaney 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Gherald L. Iloopes Jr. 

08 Dir Learning Resources Center Mr. Wilford T. Stailey 

26 Director of Public information Mr. Paul Phelps 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. Lyle Dally 

09 Assoc Dean Special Programs Dr. Errol Hicks 

33 Associate Dean of students Mr. Ladd Hullenaux 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Jose Rodriquez 

51 Dean Continuing Education. Dr. David Seegmiller 

56 Exec Dean Gila Pueblo campus Dr. William Raab 

75 Assoc Dean for Voc Education Mr. Don Allen 

55 Dean of Vocational Education Mr. Marvin Erickson 


GRAND CANYON COLLEGE 

3300 West Camelback Road, Phoenix 85017 

congressional District: ft 
county: Maricopa FICE Identification: 001074 

Telephone (602) 249-3300 Entity Number: 1-86-O12-360Q-A1 

Established 1949 Coed 

Enrollaent: 1,160 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: $1,952 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Dill Williams 

03 Executive vice President Dr. Dillard J. Whitis 

10 Business Hanager Mr. Ronald Brown 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Gil Stafford 

36 Director Placement Services., Mrs. Treva Gibson 

29 Secretary Alumni Association^ Mrs. Fannie M. Meredith 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. Paul Barnes 

06 Registrar Mr. Barry L. Thompson 

08 Librarian Mr. David Rheu 


MARICOPA COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
♦♦SYSTEM OFPICE 

P 0 Box 13349, Phoenix 85002 Congressional District: 1 

County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 001075 

Telephone (602) 244-8355 Entity Number: 1-06-018-5552-A3 

01 Chancellor Dr. Paul A. Eisner 

03 Executive Vice Chancellor Mr. A. w. Flovers 

05 Vice Chanc Educ Development Dr, Alfredo G. De Los Santos 

15 Vice Chanc Employee Relations Mr. Ronald W. Bush 

10 Dir Bus Services and Finance Mr. Robort R. Little 

45 Director Facilities Planning Dr. Clifford B. Smith 

09 Director Analytical Studies Mr. Mike Svaco 

♦GLENDALE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

6000 West Olive Avonue, Glendale B5302 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 001076 

Telephone (602) 934-221 1 Entity Number: 1 -86-01 0-5552- A2 

Established 1965 CoQ d 

Enrollaent: 12,789 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $190 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, ENGT 

02 President Dr. John R. Haltrip 

05 Dean of Instruction Ms. Jean Staten 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Homero Lopez 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Donald H. Bilse 

08 Library Director. Mr. Philip J. Moloso 

09 Director Research-Development Dr. Jim A. Smith 

36 Director of Placement Dr. L . Joe Griego 

37 Financial Aids officer... ■ Dr. Merle L. Lange 

75 Dean Occupational Education. Mr. Harry c Veslev 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Richard Perez 


EASTER N ARIZONA COLLEGE 

626 Church Street, Thatcher 85552 Congressional District: 4 
County: Graham FICE Identification; 001073 

Telephone (602) 428-1133 Entity Number: 1 -86-600-0754-A1 

Established 1888 r * d 

Enrollment: 3,590 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $177 
Control: State/Local Semester 

highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 


♦HARIC0PA TECHNICAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
106 E Washington Street, Phoenix 85004 

County: Maricopa FIClTlJenti? icationf r 008303 

ElubUshed ?968 250 ' 7251 1 ' 06 -0^-5552-A6 

Enrollaent: 3,493 Coed 

Control: State/L^ca Tultion and Peas (In-State) : $172 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years emester 

Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: 2-Yesr 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, DA, RAD, RSTI1 , RSTHT , SURGT 



13 


ARIZOMri 


02 President 

32 Dean student Personnel Service 
05 Dean of Instruction........... 

08 Library Director 

37 Financial Aids Officer. 

0 6 Registrar..... 


Dr. Horbert I. Brueomer 
. .. Mr. Billy R. Harris 
. Dr. Harry D. Fletcher 
Miss Mary Margret Saith 
. .. . Mr. Grady H. Wolfe 
... Mrs. Bonnie M. Reno 


* MESA COMMUNITY COL1EGB 


1833 West Southern Avenue, Mesa 85202 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Maricopa TICE Identification: 001077 

Telephone (602) 833-1 261 Entity Number: 1-86-01 0-55S2-A4 

Established 19 65 Coed 

Enrollment; 13,257 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : 5100 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR 

02 President Mr. Theo J. Heap 

05 Dean of Instruction..... Dr. Richard V. Malcolm 

08 Library Director Mr. James Theilmann 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Arnette Y. Hard 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Lester J. Knoll 

07 Dean Administrative services Mr. Donald R. Bradshaw 

09 Director Research-Development Ms. Marilyn Seymann 

51 Dean Continuing Education Dr. Norman B. Johansen 

75 Assoc Dean Instl-voc Education Mr. Ken Schultz 


♦ EH0ENIX COLLEGE 

1202 Hest Thomas Hoad, Phoenix 85013 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Maricopa FICB Identification: 001070 

Telephone (602) 264-2492 Entity Number: 1-86-01 0-5552-A1 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,604 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1200 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, #DH, ENGT, MLTAD, HLTC, MRT 
0 2 President Dr. William E, Berry 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Johnny A. Cordova 

06 Dean Administrative services Dr. James E. Lindquist 

08 Director of the library.... Mrs. Georgia M. Dillard 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Mr. Steve E. Carson 

3-3 Associate Dean of Students Mr. James T. Singleton 

09 Dir Evaluation and Research Mr. Clarence McGirt 

55 Assoc Dean Cont Education. Dr. Wilfred R. Waldron 

75 Assoc Dean for Yoc Education.. Mr. Ralph Norton 


♦ *HIO SALAEO COLLEGE 

2300 North Central Street, Phoenix 85003 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Maricopa PICE Identification: 029243 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-86-018-5552-A7 

Esta blishea 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local 
Highest offering: 

Program: 

Accreditation: ®N H 


♦ SCOTTSDALE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

9000 East Chaparral, Scottsdale 85253 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 008304 

Telephone (602) 941-0999 Entity Number: 1-86-018-5552-A5 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,504 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $180 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2»-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR 

02 President... Dr. Art Decabooter 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Conrad Bensyl 

32 Dean of Student Services................... Dr. Herman Walker 

08 Director of Library Services Ms. Sharon Howard 

37 Financial Aids Officer Hr. Dennis L. Hegle 

06 Director Admissions 8 Records Mrs. Harna Hays 

51 Associate Dean of Instruction........ Dr. John Messer 


♦♦SOUTH M0U11TAIM COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

7050 South 24th Street, Phoenix 85034 

Congressional District; 4 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 029242 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-86-018-5552-A8 

Established 

Enrollment: O Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 50 
Control: State/Local 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 

Accreditation: 3NH 


MOHAVE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1971 Oagerson Avenue, Kingman 86401 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Mohave FICE Identification: 011864 

Telephone (602) 757-4331 Entity Number: 1 -86-028-7004 - A i 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,004 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $168 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3NH 

01 President... Dr. Keith A. West 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Vincent M. Salmon 

10 Business Services Dean Mr. Dale L. Hopely 

15 Dean Pers and Student Services Mr. Adolph C. Fossum 

09 Dean Institutional Development Hr. William H. Hughes 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Dan W. Messersmith 

08 Director of Resource Center Mr. Haul H. Reddick 

75 Dean Voc-Continuing Education.... Mr. Harold Byfield 


♦NAVAJO COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Tsaile 86556 Congressional District: 4 

County: Apache FICE Identification: 008246 

Telephone (602) 724-3311 Entity Number: 1 -86-021-5931-A1 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,609 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : 51,360 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 


Accreditation: Nil 

01 Acting president Mr. Dean Jackson 

03 Vice President Hr. Carl Mime 

02 Vice Pres Ship Rock Canpus Mr. James Tutt 

30 Special Asst to Pres Fed Aff Mr. James Hena 

10 Controller.... Mr. John Bettag 

06 Director Records 6 Admissions Mr. HacArthur Norton 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. George Lepchenski 

32 Dean Student Services Hr. loran Sekayuapteva 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Russell Mockta 

08 Director of Library Services... Mr. Marvin J. Pollard 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Scott Fisher 

09 Director Research-Development Vacant 

27 Dir Public Information Office Ms. Anna Walters 

25 Grants Officer Mr, Dana Russell 

51 Assoc Dean Cont Education Mr. Don Moore 


♦NORTHERN ARIZONA UNIVERSITY 


Flagstaff 86011 Congressional District: 3 

County: Coconino PICE Identification: 001082 

Telephone (602) 523-9011 Entity Number: 1-86-600-4791-F1 

Established 1899 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,562 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $500 
control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, BUS, DH, EHG, BNGT, FOR, MUS, PTA, 
RAD, TED 

01 President,.. Dr. Eugene M. Hughes 

03 Executive vice President Dr. Virgil W, Gillenvater 

05 Academic Vice President............ Vacant 

10 Vice Pres Pinancial Affairs. Mr. Laverne Pitcher 

4 5 Vice Pres Admin-Services Dr. E. Harlin Staires 

32 Vice Pres Student-Univ Rel. ........ Vacant 

30 Provost Res- Instill Development Dr. Richard D. Packard 

06 Dean Admissions and Records Dr. Milton D. Schcoeder 

08 Director of Library Services. . ^ . Dr. Robert B. Kemper 

09 Dir of Admin Studies-Research Dr. Paul J. Staakey 

04 Assistant to the President............... Hr. Douglas J. Wall 

37 Director Student Financial Aid........... Mr. Alan F. Shipley 

51 Dean Cont Career Education. ............... • Dr. John W. Glenn 



wrai.. 


58 Dean of the Graduate College Dr. Richard S. Baal Jr. 

49 Dean College Arts and Science Dr. Charles E. Little 

72 Dean of Applied Science.... Dr. Calvin E. Janes 

47 Dean School of Forestry.. Dr. Richard W. Behan 

50 Dean College of Business Dr. Prank H. Besnette 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Howard T. Roberts 

57 Dean College of Creative Arts Dr. Charles El. Aurand Jr. 

54 Dean Col of Engr & Technology Dr. Joseph C. Sehrhoff 

65 Dean Col Pub-Envrnatl Service..... Dr. Richard 0. Davies 


NORTHLAND PIONEER COLLEGE 

1200 East Hecaosa Drive, Holbrook 86025 

Congressional Districts 4 
County: Navajo F2CE Ideotif ication: 011862 

Telephone (602) 524-6111 Entity Number: 1-86-0 27-7526-A1 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,323 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $100 
Control: State Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Tecainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: an a 

01 President.... Dr. Harvin 1. Vasher 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Arvin Palmer 

04 Admin? Asst to President Mrs. Dottie Sanderson 

10 Director of Finance Mr. Donald A. Olsen 

ID Coord of Special Projects Hr. Halter S. Carpenter 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Mr. Nilliaa R. Painter 

07 Assistant to the Registrar Ms. Bonnie Scranton 

08,-Librarian. Mr. Allen Rothlisberg 

32 Director of student Services Mr. Ronald Peterson 

26 Information Officer Ms. Penny Albright 

51 Director of Extended Services Ms. Pam Felkins 

57 Division Chairman Hr. Dan Simper 

68 Prograa Coordinator Mr. Dave Abel 

49. Division Chairman Dr. Charles H. Sypolt 

53 Program Coordinator Ms. Patricia Zelenak 

50 Program Coordinator Hr. George Poplin 

75 Director Vocational Education Dr. Ronald Glenn 

47 Program Coordinator Mr. Barry Richins 

pm community collice 

2202 a Anklam Road, Tucson 85709 Congressional District; 2 
County: Pima PICE Identification: 007266 

Telephone (602) 084-6666 Entity Dumber: 1 -86-020-8787-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 21,769 

„ , Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $300 

Control: State/local Semester 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: DH, DA, DT, RAD, RSTH 

? c * Dr * s> Ja,eE Nanilla 

>5 Vice Pres Educational Services Dr. o ac k v . puller 

10 Tice Pres Adminr Services Mr. Donald F. Klaasen 

If* *1 ^ e £ vicas Br - A. Navarrette Jr. 

» Dean-nest Campus Mr. Raymond J. stith 

n? r i,r ® “«* n ’ D oyntowo campus Mr. Robert F. Agrella 

02 Exec Dean-Community Campus... Dr . JaBBa E . Gibson 

02 Executive Dean-Bast Campus Dr. David i. Landsburg 

Hi* *“V° presi,leilt Dc. Judith H . Leslie 

^ If ac r Dtc P®rs-Huian Resources Me. Eugene A. Harrington 

30 Dir Support?- Developtl Service Dr. Arthur H. Evans^Jr. 

06 Assoc Dean idais-Begistration Hr. Joseph H. Cosentino 

37 Di? of^Finan Coordinator Ms. Margaret Holloman 

37 Dir of Finan Aid-Vest Campus.. Dr Jerrv t row 

26 Director community Relations Mr. Stewart V. lancasJe? 

27 Coordinator Revs Information ms Susan Pinckp 

14 Director Computer Services iir. iavtin j? Jutfor^h 

?? rnn Institutional Research Mr. Russell c. Collmer 

25 Coordinator of Grants . Hs. Jacqueline A. Ferauson 

19 Dist Mgr Col Safety-Assistance Mr. Robert J. Gruber 

75 Assoc Dean Occup Education Nr, Charles R. MacOn 

PRESCOTT CENTER COLIEGE 

220 Grove Avenue, Prescott 8C301 Congressional District: 3 
County; Yavapai PICE identification: 029022 

Telephone (602) 778-2090 Entity Humber: 1-66-Q29-4012-A1 

Established 1975 Coed 

Enrollment: 60 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,975 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: ailfi 

Si Dr * Jaaes «• Stuckey 

03 Acadeaic Dean Br< Joel Hiller 

30 Dir Develop 6 Public Relations Ms. Mary G. Van Wagoner 

uo Reg istc ax # _ . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ p pr | t u tt r v ; » ^ 

07 Dir Finan Aid and Admissions *Mr. Dark Janssen 


SOUTH WESTERN BAPTIST BIBLE COLLEGE 
2625 East Cactus Road, Phoenix 85032 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 007113 

Telephone (602) 992-6101 Entity Number: 1-06-010-6050-A1 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 215 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,766 

Affiliation: Baptist Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President........... Dr. Donald ll. Launstein 

05 Academic Dean...... vacant 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Mark L. Bailey 

03 Executive Vice President Mr. Harry Pittman 

08 Librarian Miss Alice J. Eickoeyer 

06 Registrar Hr. Kenneth A. Epp 

34 Dean of Wonen Mrs. Marilyn Sonmor 

32 Dean of Students.......................... Hr. Stephen Sonmor 


UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA 

Tucson 85721 Congressional District: 2 

County: Pima PICE Identification: 001083 

Telephone (602) 626-2751 Entity Number: 1-06-600-4791-B5 

Established 1885 CoRd 

Enrollment: 29,500 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $600 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH , ARCH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, DIET I, ENG, FOR, 
JOUR, LAW, LIB, LSAR, MED, HT, MUS, NMT, NUR, PHAR, SCPSY, 
SP, TED 

01 President Dr. John P. Schaefer 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. Albert B. Weaver 

32 Vice Pres Student Relations Dr. Richard fi. Edwards 

10 Vice Pres for Adminv Services Mr. Robert A. Peterson 

25 Vice President Research Dr. A. Richard Kasaandar 

45 Vice President Planning-Budget Dr. Gary K. Munsinger 

04 Dean of Administration Dr. P. Pendleton Gaines 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Mr. David L. Windsor 

33 Dean of Students Mr. Robert s. Svob 

08 Librarian Mr. David W. Laird 

29 Director Alumni Association Mr. Michael J. Harrold 

14 Director of computer center Dr. Daniel E. Dailey 

38 Director Student counseling Dc. Robert L. wtenn 

27 Director of News Bureau Mr. Hugh Harelson 

36 Director Placement Service Mr. Ronald L. Hummel 

37 Dir Scholarships-Flnan Aids Mr. J. J. Humphrey 

47 Dean of college of Agriculture Dr. Darrel S. Metcalfe 

4B Dean College of Architecture Mr. Ronaia Gourlay 

50 Dean Col Business-Public Admin Dr. Kenneth R. Smith 

65 Dean College of Barth Sciences .....i Dr. Hugh Odishaw 

53 Dean of College of Education..... Dr. P. Robert Paulsen 

54 Dean of College of Engineering Dr. Richard 11. Gallagher 

57 Dean of College of Fine Arts Dr. Robert L. Hull 

56 Dean of the Graduate College Dr. Lee B. Jonas 

a o ® 0an ^he c °ll®99 of Lav Dr. Roger C. Henderson 

49 Dean College Liberal Arts Dr. Paul Rosenblatt 

63 Dean of College of Medicine Dr. Louis J. Kettel 

72 Dean of the College of Mines Dr. William II. Dresher 

66 Dean of college of Nursing Dr. Gladys E. Sorensen 

67 Dean of College of Pharmacy..., Dr. Jack R. Cole 

♦ UNI VERSIT Y OF PHOENIX 

1427 North 3rd Street, Phoenix 85004 

. . Congressional District: i 

"^opa PICE Identification: 029143 

Telephone (602) 258-3666 Entity Number; 1 -86-034-4304 -A 1 

Established 1976 Coad 

+ 222 - * Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,700 

o^ 9a ? 1Zeii aS Profit Haking Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

07 Dr. John G. Sperling 

11 'All i“}iss 401 Fi "‘" ca iiSSS. 

27 Diractor^nJnrMtl * * ’ * ’ * ’•*•* , ^ i; **'* Mr * Russell McClellan 

?' Director Information Office...,....,.,. Mr l7amp <- q+rlnoftr 

30 Dir_Curriculum Development...:.^ ^ Sard Mina£ 

37 Student Aid Counselor. .... JJ* J‘i?h 

ll E ‘" aa " t £5 

, t ,, , Dr. Margaret Bogan 



A EK AWS SS 


4WBS1ERN INTER NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

10202 North 19th Avenue, Phoenix 85021 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Maricopa FICE Identification: 029241 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-86-034-2065-A 1 

Esta blished 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: 

Accreditation: SNH 


+ YAVAPAI COLLEGE 

1100 East Sheldon Street, Prescott 06301 

Congressional District: 3 
county: Yavapai FICE Identification: 001079 

Telephone (602) 445-7300 Entity Number: 1-86-020-0371-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,647 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $179 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Joseph F. Russo 

10 Dean of Business Services Vacant 

05 Academic Vice President. Dr. David II. Hochstettler 

25 Dir of Institutional Develop...... Er. Daniel P. Fishco 

02 Dean-verde Campus Ms. Mary A. Bamrick 

32 Dean of student Services Dr. Richard M. Boone 

06 Registrar Hr. George Quintero 

08 Dir Lrng Resources Center Ms. Charlotte P. Brennan 

38 Director of Counseling Ms. Ann C. Highua 

36 Placement Counselor Hr. Robert F. Dresser 

37 Financial Aids Counselor Mr. Michael U. Dougherty 

09 Institutional Researcher Dr. Frank J. Gose 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. Claude A. .Newman 

15 Personnel Officer Mr. Larry Humphrey 

19 Chief of Security Mr. Harley lee 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. Donald D . Hiserodt 

75 Assoc Dean of Career Education.. Mr. Thomas S. Jay 


ASKMSAS 


* AH ERI CAN COLLEGE OF COMMERCE 

115 Central Mall, Port Smith 72913 Congressional District: 3 
County: Sebastian FICE Identification: 011947 

Telephone (501) 452-5556 Entity Number: 1-71-043-5915-A1 

Established 19 55 Coed 

Enrollment: 302 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,354 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 President Mr. Gary L. Culpepper 

03 Executive Vice President. ..... Peter A. The ve not 

06 Registrar....... William Helborn 

08 Librarian Maxine Reese 

36 Director Student Placement Juanelle Edwards 


ARKANSAS BAPTIST COLLEGE 

1600 Bishop Street, Little Rock 72202 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Pulaski FICE Identification: 001087 

Telephone (501) 374-7856 Entity Number: 1-71-029-8658-A1 

Established 1884 Coed 

Enrollment: 373 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,350 

Affiliation: Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: 3NH 

01 President................... Dr. J. c. Oliver 

10 Bus Mgr and Dir Financial Aid Mrs. Dorris M. Robinson 

06 Registrar Mrs. Annie A. Hightower 

08 Librarian.... Mrs. Francis James 

05 Academic Dean.......... Mr. Eugene E. Porter Jr. 

07 Dir Adnis and Assoc Registrar Mrs. Tommie L. Taylor 

04 Assistant to the President..... Mr. James A. Cowan 

19 Security Officer Mr, James Parker 

33 Mens Dormitory Coordinator.... Mr. Richard Otey 

34 Womens Dormitory Coordinator. Mrs. Bleasa Brown 

45 Chief Planning Officer Mr. Hurley Jones 


ARKANSAS COLLEGE 

P O Box 2317, 3a tesville 72501 Congressional District: 1 

County: Independence FICE Identification: 001083 

Telephone (501) 793-9813 Entity Humber: 1-71-024-62 13-A1 

Established 1872 Coed 

Enrollment: 475 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,200 

Affiliation: Presbyterian, U.S. 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President DC* Dan C. West 

05 Dean of College... Dr. John T. Dahlguist 

45 Vice President for Planning Dr. Roberta d. Brovn^ 

10 Vice President for Pinance Mr. Richard S. Thomas 

30 Vice President for Development Dr. Ralph H. Graham 

07 Director Admissions Hr, John A. Thompson 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Dennis w. Wright 

36 Asst Dean Education Services.. Mr. Jim A. Hitchum 

06 Registrar Mrs. Frances B. Bucks 

08 Director Education Media Mr. Paul Younghouse 

14 Computer Operations Manager..... Mr. Gary Baker 

51 Director continuing Education Me. Jim A. Mitchum 

ARKANSAS COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY 

9720 Rodney Parham Road, Little Rock 77207 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Pulaski FICE Identification: 029189 

Telephone (501) 224-8200 Entity Number: 1-90-000-0204- A1 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 479 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,660 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NATTS 

01 President Mr. John M. Douglas 

05 Vice President of Operations Hr. W. 0. Reidinger_ 

06 Registrar Mr. Lewis Prather 


ARKANSAS STATE UNIVERSITY 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

State University 72467 
County: Craighead 
Telephone (501) 972-2100 
01 President 


Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 006006 
Entity Number: 1-71 -600-0556-A2 
Mr. ' Ray H. Thornton 


♦ARKANSAS STATE UNIVERSITY MAIN CAMPUS 


state University 72467 Congressional District: 1 

County; Craighead FICE identification: 001090 

Telephone (501) 972-2100 Entity Number: 1 -71 -600-0556- A2 

Established 1909 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,243 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In- State) : $610 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, BOS, ENG, JOUR, MT, MUS, TED 
01 president Mr. Ray H. Thornton 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Terence H. Brown 

10 Vice Pres Fin-Dir Govtl Aff....... Mr. Arlis J. Johnson 

03 Executive Vice President... 1 .... Dr. Eugene W. Smith 

32 Vice Pres-Student Affairs..... Dr. X. Ann Turner 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Stanley H. Williams 

06 Dean of Admissions 6 Records Dr. Greta S. MacK 

14 Director of Computer Services Dr. Robert H> Babb 

27 Director of Public Relations....... Ms. Ruth A. Hawkins 

30 Director of Development Hr. l. Andrew Morris 

08 Librarian Mr. J. William Hansard 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Don c. Denny 

34 Dean of Women Ms. Peggy Stroud 

36 Director Student Placement Mr. Ronald D. Randell 

38 Director Student Counseling . Dr. Jiany D. Hccluskey 

37 Director of student Aid., Me. Gerald E. Craig 

07 Admissions Of f icer. ................. . Ms. Karen A. Sturdivant 

19 Director of Campus Security Mr. Kenneth H. Cooper 

49 Dean College of Liberal Acta Dr. Donald E. Konold 

50 Dean of college of Business Dr. Lonnie E. Talbert 

53 Dean of College of Education Dr. H. Vance Sales 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Eugene s. Saith 

47 Dean of College of Agriculture.......... Dr. George Berger 

57. Dean College of Pine Arts Dr. Harold L. Copenhaver 

66 Dean of School of Nursing......... Dr. John D. McCluhan 

72 Chrmn Dept Military Science........... Ltcol. Thomas J. Davis 

60 Dean College of communications......... Dr. Robert L* Hoskins 

51 Dean Continuing Education ... i ........... , Dr. Prank W. Oldham 




iMAitSSJ. 




*ARRhH5AS STATE UNI? BB 5ITY BEEBE BRANCH 

P O Drawer a, Beebe 72012 Congressional Districts 2 

County: White FICE Identifications 001091 

Telephone (SOI) 082-61452 Entity Humber: 1-71-042-1333-A1 

Established 19 27 Coed 

Enrollment: 779 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) s $440 
Controls State Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor'3; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditations NH 

02 Chanc-Dean Stdnts-Registrar Ur. William H. Owen Jr. 

05 Dean of Instruction.. Dr. Charles L. Sandage 

10 Chief Fiscal Officer Mr. Gary W. Shaw 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Robert H. Lashlee 

08 Librarian Mrs. Doris Barnes 

ARK A S3 AS TECH US IV EBSITY 

Russellville 72801 Congressional District: 3 

County: Pope FICE Identification: 001089 

Telephone (501) 968-0237 Entity Hunber: 1-71-601-4834-A 1 

Established 1509 Coed 

enrollient: 2,598 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $630 
Control: State Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Acta and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, MBA, MUS, TED 

^ caaiie ct.. . cr. Kenneth G. Kersh 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. M. Olin Cook 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs tr , Jim J McG?e 

30 V r* ^ CeS n 0r * dfliQl5tratioa Mr. Robert A. Young 

30 Vice Pres Davelcf-Dir Adiis Dr. Dix Stalling 

3* 7ice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. Travis M Adaas 

33 Dean Stdnts-Director Housing Mr nriaV SvnSi 

19 Director Alumni Association: . Mr. jimes S 

1u Director at Coiputer center Mr. Merrall E "shoDtau 

36 Ccu^eiing-Piace.ant Officer....!: e! ScXson 

:: ‘v-“r 

KSSSSL"”” 1 :e ”“ ss 

37 Director Student Jinanciai'Aid! ! Mrs C shirlfv"i S ^ e J ton 

65 Dean Physical & life Sciences ” "* ^ eale y 

Jl D4riCt ” Continuing Education .V. ZaAt \ Johnson 

CAPITAL CITY J0SIOB COLLEGE 

5606-20 W Twelfth Street, Little Rock 72204 

County: Pulaski _ T S° D 2* essional District: 1 

.. . jjrssa M mu “ 

“'»*«< oft. ting: j 8ut i„ s ,„”*J 

Kgasuisu ,ei "- 

01 Director 

" “ Er - Kenneth Sullivan 


05 Chief Academic Of ficer! !! !! ! 

0e Registrar., 

03 Librarian. .!!!"" 

10 Sosiaess Officer ..!"** 

director Personnel Services! 
ft Public Eolations Officer..... 
47 Director Student Financial Aid 


Hr > J * Huey Hatton 

Mrs. Valetta Bransford 

Ns, Kay Torbett 

........... Mrs. Stella Hodges 

Mcs * Martha Dunwoody 

Ns. Fran Widner 

Ns. Gale White 


CEJtrSAL EAETIST COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 2 
Rn»4 1 * C » r ^ anti£ic ation: 001093 
Entity Number: 1-71-032-963B-A1 

Coed 


Conway 72032 
County: Faulkner 
Telephone (501) 329-6872 
Established 1550 

Affiliation: baptist UQ3e *9raduate Tuition ana Pees: $720 
Highest Offering: Master's Seaester 

Acer ad itation: BI 
O 1 President.... . 

05 Dean of the College!! .’! !! * Mr. Ealph e, Hoshaw 

10 8 osiness Manager Paul «. Byers 

Ot> Registrar . ***• Ec - Norman D. Crass 

03 Librarian ............ !! ' * **••«*• Mrs. Norma J. Tio 

3 4 Dean of Women.... ***** Acs. Ellen R. Uotnaday 

ars « J n«y C. Gabbard 


29 President Alumni Association Mr, Joe Ponder 

56 Director of Extension Mr. Gone Mitchell 

50 Chairman Business Department Miss Joyce N. Garrison 

54 chairman of Math Department Mr. p Qll i w. Dyers 

64 Chairman of Music Department.... Mr. James D. Courtney 

68 Chrmn Phy Education Department Mr. Robert Stewart 

73 Chairman Theology Department Mr. Joel Slayton 

COLLEGE OF THE OZARKS 

415 College Avenue, Clarksville 72Q30 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Johnson FICE Identification: 001094 

Telephone (501) 754-2780 Entity Humber: 1 -7 1 -023-6067- A1 

Established 1034 Cond 

Enrollment: 544 Undergraduate Tuition and Fens: *1,050 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. tl-i-U 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HH 

01 President Pav. John F. Bur horn 

05 Academic Dean Or. Garold D. Harney 

10 Business Manager Me. Keith R. Ka motor 

06 Registrar Mr. Philip R, l'ittnnn 

OB Librarian Mr. Tocronco Mach 

32 Dean of Students Mrs. Fay Darr-llnrtunT 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Grog Blackburn 

30 Director of College Relations Mr. Barton n. llpdlho 

33 Director of Admissions Mrs. Cathy Blackburn 

CROWLEY'S RIDGE COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 130, Paragould 72450 Congressional District; 1 

county: Greene FICE Identification: 001095 

Telephone (501) 236-6901 Entity Number: 1-7 1-0 32-74 20- M 

Established 1964 CocH) 

55 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: $1,032 

Affiliation: churches of Christ Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2- Year Principally Bachelor's Creditablo 
Accreditation: 3ic 

01 President H _ u ., lnu 

06 Actin! 1 D° r ’ ’i Emmott f! Smith 

08 30 Re 9 istrar nr. Phillip Wilkorocn 

10 BMsine« n AfJI Mrs. Charlotte Rounds 

10 Business officer Mr. John A. Abbott 

EAST ARKANSAS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

loVtV sHrancf/ 5 " City 72335 congressional District: 1 
Telephone 15014 anna FICE Identification: 012260 

Established 5 !^' 633-4480 Entit 7 Number: 1 -7 1 -045-0242- A 1 

Enrollment: 786 C0Qt5 

Control: Local Undergraduato Tuition and Fees (In- sta te) : $300 
VrlaTV °^ 6 V n9: 2 Qut Less ^an” * aa rs somestor 

IJiMiiallJ"? 1 ° c ? u P atlonal D ®low Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Accreditation ]; Creditable 

01 President 

vacant 


03 vice President !!!!!!!" 

n!? n , of Acaile i»ic Affairs!!!!!!! 
10 Chief Fiscal Officer 

ns °f an ° c 'Student Affairs...!!!!.' 
06 Dir Admissions and Registrar... 
15 Coord Affirm Actn and Pers Rec . 

08 Sir f tUdent Pinaac i a l Aid?..?!! 

in i" 9 Resourc ® center 

fifi Sir J-° r of Counseling 

66 Director of Nursing... " 

GARLAND COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


. .. Dr. Bob C. Hums 
>• Or. John Aldorsor 
Mrs. Carolyn Dowlir 
Mr. Malcolm Wilnor 
... Mr. Steve Hurra) 
. . Ms. Johnnie Kicks 
. Hr . A Ivin coloaar 
. Mr. Arthur Becman 
. .. Dr. Wayne Jones 
Hrs. nary M. Piper 


Dr Mid-America Park, Hot Springs 71901 


is / ivui 

Congressional Distr 
riCE Identification: 
Entity Number: 1-7 1-044-5 


County: Garland vwHyMsaaxuntll 

Telephone (501) 767-qm r P1CE l^entifica 

Established 1973 ‘ 

Enrollment: 1,342 

Control: State/Locai r9CadUate Tuition and Fees (In -State 

Iha ” * *«» 

Mch81ot,si 2 - yosc 

01 President.. 

05 Dean of instruction!!!'"" * Dr. Gerald )f. 

,, “® an of Business Affairs*' Dr. Alan G. 1 

32 Dean of student Service? •••• Mr. Roi 

Assistant to the President Mr. Ronald 

* Mr. Lawrence j. ] 



17 


ABS&msas 


06 Regstr and cir Financial Aid He. Frank C. steelaan 

08 Acting Head Librarian - Vacant 

38 Director of counseling Dr. William Ogden 

66 Dir Nursing and Allied Health Mrs. charlotte Phelps 


HARDING UNIVERSITY 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 


Searcy 72143 
County; White 
Telephone (501) 268-6161 
01 President 


Congressional Distcict: 2 
PICE Identification: 008007 
Entity Number: 1-7 1-023-6896-M 
Dr. Clifton L. Ganus Jr. 


♦HARDING UNIVERSITY MAIN CAHPUS 

Searcy 72143 Congressional Distcict: 2 

County: White PICE Identification: 010311 

Telephone (501) 268-6161 Entity Number: 1-7 1-023-6896-A1 

Established 1924 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,001 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,203 

Affiliation: Churches of Christ Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, NUR, SW, TBD 

01 President Dr. Clifton L. Ganus Jr. 

10 Vice President for Finance Mr. Lott R. Tucker Jr. 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Joseph E. Pryor 

30 Vice President Development Mr. C. Floyd Daniel 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Ted N. Altman 

06 Registrar.. Mr. Virgil M. Beckett 

07 Director of Admissions... Mr. Durvard McGaha 

OB Librarian Kiss Winnie Bell 

33 Dean of Mon............................. Mr. Eddie E. Campbell 

34 Dean of Women..... Miss Mary B. Dovning 

25 Director of Research... Dr. Harry D. Olree 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. Jack D. Thomas 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Stanley B. Green 

36 Alumni Sec-Dir Place Services. Mr. David C. Crouch 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Hr. Russell E. Shovaltec 

58 Director of Graduate studios Dr. Hyatt Jones 


♦HARDING GRADUATE SCHOOL OF RELIGION 

1000 Cherry Road, Memphis, Tennessee 30117 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Shelby FICE Identification; 004081 

Telephone (901) 761-1352 Entity Number: 1-00-070-31 68-A1 

BstabliBhed 19 58 Coed 

Enrollment: 240 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Churches of Christ Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: SC 

02 Dean...... Dr. Harold Uazelip 

06 Regstr- Assistant to the Dean Dr. Bill W. Flatt 

08 Librarian Mrs. Annie M. Levis 


BENDER SON STATE UNIVERSITY 

Ar kadolphia 71923 Congressional District: 4 

County: Clark PICE Identification: 001098 

Telephone (501) 246-5511 Entity Number: 1-71-600-0286-A1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,014 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (I n- state) : $600 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, TED 

01 President Dr. Martin B. Garrison 

05 Vice president for instruction...... Dr. Joe T. Clark 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs.... Mr. fluy J. Hays 

03 Vice President Administration.... Dr. James R. Andcevs 

06 Registrar.... Hr. Hershel Lucht 

08 Librarian Dr. Garry Warren 

09 Director Planning 6 Research.. Dr. Cline Stephens 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs.... Dr. Gary D. Anderson 

30 Vice Pres University' services Dr. William Shelton 

26 Public Information Officer Dr. Don Pennington 

29 Director Alumni Association........ Mr. Jimmy C, Snedley 

37 Student Aid Officer Mrs. Nelda R. Branstine 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Cr. Waldo A. Dahlstedt 

50 Dean School of Business.. Hr. Louis Davkins 

53 Dean of School of Education Dc. Fred Hattabaugh 

57 Dean of School of Pine Arts Dr. John Linn 

49 Dean School of Liberal Arts Dr. Boyce A. Drummond jr. 

00 Dean School Rath 6 Sciences...... Dr. Joe Bright 


HENDRIX COLLEGE 

Convay 72032 Congressional District: 2 

County: Faulkner FICS Identification: 001099 

Telephone (501) 329-6B11 Entity Number: 1-7 1-023-6897 -a l 

Established 1876 Coed 

Enrollment; 984 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,tt00 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NH, MUS, TBD 

01 President Dr. Roy 0. Shilling Jr. 

05 Vice Pres and Dean College Dr. John Merrill 

10 Vice Pres for Fiscal Affairs Mr. Rodney D. Todd 

30 Director of Development Hr. David Gearhart 

06 Associate Dean and Registrar Mr. Albert Raymond 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Rudy Pollan 

06 Librarian Dr. Henry Alsmeyer 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Carl Wartenburg 

JOHN BROWN UNIVERSITY 

silcan Springs 72761 Congressional District: 3 

County: Benton FICE Identification: 0011 00 

Telephone (501) 524-3131 Entity Number: 1-71-023-9576- A 1 

Established 1919 Coea 

Enrollment: 742 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,100 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 Chancellor.. Dc. John E. Bcovn Jr. 

0 3 President Mr. John E. Brown Hi 

05 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs Dr, Richard L. Ruble 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs Mr. Marion P. Snider 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Gary Guinn 

08 Librarian Mr. Glenn E. Rogers 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Robert G. Betheli 

06 Registrar Mr. Donald F. Haxel 

29 Director Alumni Relations Mrs. Alice HcQuay 

38 Director Student Counseling Mr. Len Hightower 

36 Student Placement Hr. Lee W. Deoarais 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Dr. Edvard F. Murphy Jr. 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. L. A. Thomas 


MISSISSIPPI COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Drawer 1109, Blytheville 72315 Congressional District: 1 
County: Mississippi FICE Identification: 012860 

Telephone (501) 762-1020 Entity Number: 1-7 1-046-0696- A 1 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,015 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $360 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Harry V. Smith Jr. 

05 Vice Pres' Acad-Stdnt Services Dc. Larry D. Carter 

10 Dean of Bus t Adainv Services. . . . . . . . Mr. II. Rodney shovaltec 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Cecil H. HollfieJ-d 

06 Registrar Mrs. Mary L. Buchanan 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Vacant 


NORTH ARKANSAS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Pioneer Ridge, Harrison 72601 Congressional District; 3 

County: Boone FICB Identification: 012261 

Telephone (50 1) 743-3000 Entity Number; 1-71-045- 1062- At 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 881 

Undergraduate Tuition and Peas (In-State) : S3 36 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program*. Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dc. Bill Baker 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Dale Taylor 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Loren Aldrich 

06 Dir Administrative Services...... Nr. Leon Blackwood 

08 Librarian........ Mr. Merle Vincent 

10 Business Manager Mr. Sam Medley 

26 Public Information Officer Mr. Jim Stockton 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Jerry Cash 

38 Counselor. ... 2 ......................... . Nr. W. H. McCutcheon 

49 Div Chran Nath-Science-Health Dr. Mike wolf 

50 Division Chairman of Business................ Dr. Glen NcGcaw 

51 Dir of Continuing Education. Nr. Calvin Bucks 

57 Div Chran Commun and the Arts............... Nr. Bill Skinner 

66 Director of Nursing.............. Nrs. Anne Van Tischl®^ 

71 Div Chran Soc 6 Behav Science........ Dr. Robert Godson 



AJUSAiSAji 


18 


OUACHITA BAPTIST UNIVERSITY 

Arkadelphia 71923 Congressional District: « 

County: Clark PICE Identification: 001102 

Telephone (501) 246-4531 Entity Number: 1-71-023- 9383-A1 

Established 1806 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,578 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,960 

Affiliations Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, TED 

01 President Dr. Daniel R. Grant 

05 Yice President fcr Acadenics Dr. Carl Goodson 

10 Yice president Administration Dr. Killian E. Coulter 

30 Tice President for Development Hr. Dwight Linkous 

06 Registrar Hr. Frank Taylor 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Bill A. Dixon 

06 Librarian.. Hrs. Juanita Barnett 

37 Director of Student Aids...... Hr. Harold Johnson 

5B Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Dewey E. Chapel 

64 Dean of the School of Husic Cr. Killian Tranthaa 


PHIL AS DEB SHITE C0L1EGE 

P O Box 2500, Little Rock 72203 Congressional District: 2 

County: Pulaski PICE Identification: 001103 

Telephone (501) 375-9845 Entity Humber: 1-71-023-9729-A1 

Established 1B77 Coed 

Enrollment; 596 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,100 

Affiliation: United aathodist Seaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 rear Baccalaureate 
Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Grant S. Shockley 

05 Vice Pres for Acad Services Dr. Crawford J. Bias 

25. Vice President for Planning Hr. Donald Hoore 

06 Begistrar-Director Adais3ions nrs. Dorothy G. ?ra2ier 

08 Librarian Hs. Haxine Lewis 

33 Yice Pres Student Services Er. Charles E. Nesbitt 

34 Associate Dean Students Hs. Irene J. Gillespie 

26 Vice Pres Government Belations Hr. Edward A. Moultrie 

10 Yice Pres Adainv serv-Bus Hgr Hr. William K. Fowler 

PHILLIPS COUNT! COHHUHITI COLLEGE 

Helena 72342 Congressional District: 1 

county: Phillips PICE Identification: 001104 

Telephone (501) 338-6474 Entity Nunber: 1-71-038-8796-A1 

Established 19 65 Coe(1 

Enrollment: 1,498 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $350 
Control: State/Local Seaester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; NH 

Dr. John V. Easley 

J 8313 ^ 1 * 10 the ^silent Mr. stave Jone £ 

n iC ? Pces jdent Dr . Gene h . Weber 

10 Business Ha Hr. Gerald Barber 

st “ 3ent5 **- Hr. Daniel B. Fusak 

26 Director of Coaaunity Services Hr. Bill Stiles 

75 Dean of occup Education £. SSa 


SOUTHERN ARKANSAS UNIVERSITY 

♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Magnolia 71753 
County: Columbia 
Telephone (501) 234-5120 
01 President 


♦SOUTHERN ARKANSAS UNIVERSITY MAIN CAMPUS 


Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 029025 
Entity Humber: 1 -71 -600-7749-A 1 
Dr. Harold T. Brinson 


Hagnolia 71753 Congressional District: * 

County: Columbia PICE Identification: 00110' 

Telephone (501) 234-5120 Entity Number: 1 -71-600-7749-A' 

Established 1909 Coer 

Enrollment: 1,932 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $601 
Control: State Semestei 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ADNUF, MUS, TED 

01 President Dr r Harold T. Urinaoi 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Lowell A. Legal 

32 Vice President student Affairs Dr. Donald A. Haefnei 

10 Vice Pres Adain and Pinance.. Dr. Robert W. Psarc* 

06 Director AdDissions-Records Dr. Larry H. Ludevic 

0B Head Librarian Mr. Robert V. Hole 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. David R. Kelt) 

38 Director Counseling Center Dr. Ann K. Thoaat 

27 Director of Infornation ' Mr. Tom c. Pori 

34 Assistant Dean of Students Miss Rebecca A. Sanderaor 

29 Director Placement and Alumni Miss Patsy J. Veavei 

37 Financial Aids Coordinator Mrs. Dorothy L. Duncar 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Mr. Calvin D. Non] 

49 Dean Sch Liberal £ Perform Art Dr. Daniel G. Pore 

50 Dean Sch Bus Administration Dr. Gayle U. White 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Ralph Wilpor 

72 Dean Sch Science fi Technology Dr. D. c. Dodaor 

♦SOUTHERN ARKANSAS UNIVERSITY EL DORADO BRANCH 

300 South Vest Avenue, El Dorado 71730 

Congressional Districts '• 
County: Union FICE Identification: 01317f 

Telephone (501) 862-8131 Entity Number: 1-71-040-3140-A ‘ 

Established 1975 Coot 

Enrollment: 514 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -S tate) s $«5f 
Control: State Senestei 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3HH, RAD 

02 Chancellor Dr. Den T. HhitfieU’ 

05 Academic Dean -Dr. Hermit H. Parkr 

00 Librarian Mrs. Donnie B. Harr Iso r 

10 Business Mr. Vernie B. Maados 

c? ^f un5B ^ oc Mr. Harvey R. Post 

51 Director of Community Service Dr. Villiao L. Coatlaj 


♦ SHORT IR COLLEGE 

604 Locust, North little Bock 72114 

n .i w. Congressional District: 2 

County. Pulaski FICE identification: 001105 

MUUUh.a wk E " tU? "° ,l,eC! 

, Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $1,000 

Affiliation: African Methodist Episcopal saae^tpr 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: dNB 

Dr- Reginald J. Hampton 

06 L U o^traV ana9Gr • * ^ I ^ I '*}?. suiu Gunde^n 

It zibiirUn::::::::::::::::::::::::::::’ Bcs i c ” ai ?lJu c J a ^ orD 
33 Dean of Hen ^ 

5^ Director Continuing Education Hcs . Xani J J cCOflb !l 


♦SOUTHERN ARKANSAS UNIVERSITY TECHNICAL ERANC11 

Box 3048, East Camden 71701 Congressional District: i, 

FICE Identification: 00773£ 
® , b ?"Li 5 ?oL 57y " 0741 Entity Number: 1 -71-040-0038- A1 

established 1967 rnori 

Enrollment: 500 

rontmi. Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $456 

, tl01 ' state i-ohipotRt 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; NH 

ll Librarian?. ?^ s * ness Mr ? * Bobby 

32 Dean for student A£f airs! * ! I ! ! ! ! I ! ! I! I “ 1 1 ^ & Sa JSe SSJSS? 


♦SOUTHERN BAPTIST COLLEGE 

Ralnut Ridge 72476 
County: Lawrence 
Telephone (501) 086-6741 
Established 1941 


Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: OOHOfi 
Entity Number: 1-71-024-0677-A i 

Coed 



19 


AFKftNSAS 


Enro 
A £ fi 
High 
Prog 
P 

Acer 
01 Pre 
06 Dea 
10 Bus 
30 Die 
08 Lib 

33 Dea 

34 Dea 
32 Coo 
37 Dir 
3 8 Die 


llment: 405 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,250 

liation: Southern Baptist Semester 

est Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 

ram: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 

rincipally Bachelor’ s Creditable 

edit at ion: NH 

sident.... Dr. D. Jack Nicholas 

n and Registrar Dr. Jerol B. Swaia 

iness Manager Mr. Earl McFarland 

ector of Development Hr. Jia Tillman 

rarian.... Mrs. Martha Nicholas 

n of Men Hr. Earl Humble 

n of Women Mrs. Jerry Ann Winters 

rd of Student Activities Mrs. Lendol Jackson 

ector Student Financial Aid Hr. Hike Smith 

ector of Student Counseling Mr. John McMullin 


UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Fayetteville 72701 Congressional District: 3 

County: Washington FICE Identification: 008000 

Telephone (501) 575-2000 Entity Number: 1-71-6 00-3252-A3 

01 President.... Dr. James E. Martin 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. Farris W. Womack 

10 Vice Pres fer Fiscal Affairs Mr. Fred S. Vocsanger 

26 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Mr. Julian S. Streett 

13 Associate Vice President Dc. Kenneth R. Cook 

47 Interm Vice Pres Agriculture Cr. Waldemar J. Moline 

27 Director of Information Hr. William W. Hughes 

58 Vice Pre3 Res 8 Grad Programs Cr. Charles A. Leone 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS MAIN CAMPUS 


Fayetteville 72701 Congressional District: 3 

County: Washington FICE Identification: 001108 

Telephone (501) 575-2000 Entity Number: 1-71-6 00-3252-A3 

Established 1871 Coed 

Enrollment: 16,572 

0 nde rgraduate Tuition and Fees (In-St ate) : $600 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NU, ADNUR, ARCH, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, JOUR, LAW, 


HUS, TED 

01 President....... 

05 Academic Vice President 

04 Assistant Vice President 

06 Registrar 

25 Dir Res 6 Sponsored Programs.. 

00 Director of Libraries 

19 Director Public safety 

07 Director of Admissions 

36 Dir Car Planning 6 Placement.. 
09 Dir of Institutional Research.. 

32 Vice Pres Student Services.... 

33 Dean of Students..... 

30 Director of Student Counseling 

37 Director of Financial Aid 

29 Exec Dir of Alumni Association 

30 Director of Development. 

15 Director Personnel Services... 

47 Dean of Agriculture 

48 Dean of Architecture 

49 Doan of Arts and Sciences 

50 Dean Business Administration.. 

51 Dean of Continuing Education.. 

53 Dean of Education.... 

54 Dean of Engineering.... 

58 Dean of Graduate School 

61 Dean of Law..... 

66 Director of Nursing. 

72 Dir Graduate Inst Technology.. 
56 Dir Industl Res 6 Ext Center.. 


.... Dr. James E. Martin 
.. Dr. Charles w. oxford 
... Dr. Nancy E. Talburt 

Mr. Paul Eddy 

Dr. Donald S. Ousterhout 

Mr. Royal V. Pope 

Mr. Lawrence J. Scamons 
..... Kr. Larry Matthews 
. Mr. Jerry L. Westbrook 
.. Dr. Eugene F. Buckley 

Dr. Gordon Beasley 

Ms. Maureen M. Anderson 

Dr. Paul W. Harris 

Mr. Lenthon Clark 

Mr. John M. Rosso 

... Hr. E. H. Donaubauer 
.... Mr. Karl R. Leffler 

Dr. Glenn W. Hardy 

.... Mr. C. M. Smart Jr. 

Dr. John C. Guilds 

....... Dr. John P. Owen 

Dc. Hugh L. Kills 

.. Dr. Fred J. Vescolani 
.. Dr. Janes E. Ualligan 
.... Dc. Janes E. Hudson 
... Mr. David G. Epstein 
Ms. Betty L. Battenfield 
. Dr. Jay W. Fredrickson 
Dr. Barton A. Westerlund 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS AT LITTLB ROCK 

33rd and University, Little Rock 72204 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Pulaski FICE Identification: 001101 

Telephone (501) 569-3000 Entity Number: 1-71-023-6904-A1 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,038 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $600 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; professional 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, BUS, JOUR, LAW, IH0S, SW, TED 
02 Chancellor Dr. G. Robert Ross 


05 
10 
26 

13 
45 
09 
38 

14 
08 
07 

06 
29 
37 
36 
25 

15 
19 
51 
50 
53 

57 
49 
70 
61 

58 
72 
60 
00 
56 


Exec Vice Chanc Acad Affairs... 
Vice Chancellor for Finance... 
Dir Adainv Serv-Actg Dir Info.. 
Dir Mgmt Systems C Planning... 
Assoc Vice Chanc Acad Affairs. 
Director Institutional Studies. 
Director of Counseling Center. 
Director of Computing Services 

Director of the Library 

Director of Admissions 

Actg Regstr-Vice chanc Stdnt.. 
Dir Alumni and Development.... 
Director Student Financial Aid 
Coord Car Planning 8 Placement 
Dir Res and Sponsored Programs 
Director personnel Services... 

Director of Security.. 

Director Continuing Education. 
Dean Business Administration.. 

Dean of Education 

Dean of Fine Arts 

Dean of Liberal Arts 

Dean Grad School Social Work.. 

Dean of Lav School.. 

Dean of Graduate School 

Dean of Engineering Technology 

Dean of Communications 

Dean of Sciences 

Asscc Vice Chanc Pub Affairs.. 


.... Dr. James H. Fribourgh 
... Hr. Francis L. Robinson 

Mr. Neyland Hester 

.... Mr. Robert I. Lewis II 

Cr, Harri Baker 

Vacant 

........ Dr. Ted Richardson 

... Mr. John P. Orahood Jr. 

Hr. James A. Allen 

Mrs. Sue Pine 

Dr. Dorothy A. Truex 

... Mrs. Jeanene C. DeLille 
......... Dr. Samuel Howell 

.. Mr. Charles W. Donaldson 

Mr. John Shelby 

Mr. Robert E. Coates 

Mr. Julius Smith 

.... Dr. Howard G. Stephens 

Qr. James W. Robinson 

Dr. Gene V. Campbell 

Dr. Leslie Wyatt 

Dr. Calvin R. Ledbetter Jr. 

Dr. Fred Morrow 

Dr. Robert K. Walsh 

.. Dr. Joel E. Anderson Jr. 

Dr. Ross E. Ferland 

Dr. Mary J. Thomas 

Dr. Wilson J. Broach 

Dr. Beadle Moore 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS MEDICAL SCIENCES CAMPUS 


4301 West Harkham, Little Bock 72205 

Congressional District; 2 
County: Pulaski PICE Identification: 001109 

Telephone (501) 661-5454 Entity Humber: 1-71-604-6242-A 1 

Established 1879 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,256 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $2,005 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; Professional 


Accreditation: 6IIH, DH, DIETI, IPSY, 
RSTII, SP, SURGT 

02 Chancellor 

03 Executive Vies Chancellor 

10 vice Chancellor Administration 

04 Vice Chanc Operational Mgmt 

08 Director of the Library 

45 Planner..... 

26 Dir Pub Relations-Infor nation 

14 Director Computer Services 

15 Director of Personnel 

37 Asst to Vice Chanc Acad Af 

52 Dean Col lllth Related Profess 

63 Dean College of Medicine 

66 Dean College of Nursing 

67 Dean College of Pharmacy 

70 Director of Social Services... 

58 Assoc Dean Graduate School 


MED, HT, NUR, PKAR, RAD, 

....... Dr. Harry P. Ward 

. Dr. Charles T. Prigtnore 
. . Mr. William w. Goodman 
. . Hr. Darrell F. Walters 
...... Miss M. Rose Hogan 

Hr. Roland Lanoue 

Mr. John F. Coffin 

. Mr. Jerome D. Blackburn 

Mr. Ray D. Bisson 

Mrs. Wanda M. Weise 

Dr. Tip C. Nelms 

Dr. Thomas A. Bruce 

, . Dr. Virginia R. Jarratt 

Dr. Larry D. Milne 

Mr. Charles S. Hood 

, . Dr. Charles T. Prigaore 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS AT HOHTICELL'O 

Honticello 71655 Congressional District: 4 

County: Drew FICE Identification: 001085 

Telephone (501) 367-6811 Entity Number: 1-71-600-8509-A1 

Established 1909 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,800 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $636 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

02 Chancellor Dr. Fred J. Taylor 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Barbara J- Teters 

10 Vice chanc for Fiscal Affairs.... Mr. Kirby J. .Lott 

32 Yice Chanc for Student Affairs.......... Dr. Jack H. Lassiter 

04 Assistant to Chancellor Mrs. Diane 5. Gilleland 

06 Registrar 0 Admissions Officer.... . .... Mr. Robert L. Kirchman 

03 Director Campus Operations................ Dr. Jesse M. Coker 

08 Librarian Hr. William F. Droessler 

14 Director Computer Center..,. Mrs. Elizabeth R . Annulis 

26 Director of Information. Hr. Janes L. Brewer 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Thomas E. Scifres 

36 Director Student Placement Mrs. Mariana Beavers 

29 Alumni Affairs Specialist Mrs. Martha B. Hawkins 

15 Personnel Assistant II Mrs. Alice s. Bates 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS AT PINE BLUPF 
Pine Bluff 71601 


Congressional District: 4 





20 


County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 001086 

Telephone (501) 541-6500 Entity Number: 1-71-601-0030-A1 

Established 1873 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,934 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $619 
control: state Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 

Program: Tersinal Occupational Below Bachelor’s: liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, NUR, TEC 

02 Chancellor ... Dr. Herman B. Smith Jr. 

32 ?ice Chanc for Student Affairs Dr. Lee A. Torrence 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Aaron Van Bright 

TO A ct g Vice Chanc Fiscal Affaire Hr. Benson Otovo 

06 Registrar Mrs. Della G. Phipps 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Clyde N. Toney 

08 Librarian... Mr. Edward J. Pontenette 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. II. G. Darnett 

36 Director of Placement.. Mr. E. Bennett 

14 Dir Mgat Information Services Mr. John Killians 

47 Act g Dean Agric and Technology Dr. J. Seavood 

49 Dean Arts and Sciences Dr. Lawrence A. Davis Jr. 

53 Dean of Teacher Education Dr. Kalter I. littlejohn 

51 Dean Gen Stdies and Cont Ed Dr. Victor D. Starlard 


UNIVERSITY OP CENTRA! ARKANSAS 

Conway 72032 Congressional District: 2 

County: Faulkner PICE Identification: 001092 

Telephone (501) 329-2931 Entity Humber: 1-71-600-1828-A2 

Established 19 07 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,538 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $600 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; NH, HOS, HUB, 01, PTA, TEE 
01 President Dr. Jefferson D. Farris Jr. 

05 vice Pres of Academic Affairs Dr. Marvin E. De Boer 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. Bennie V. Horton 

32 Vice Pres of Student Affairs Mr. John Hurley 

26 vice Pres for Public Relations Mr. Bill R. Pate 

45 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Killlam H. Osborne 

14 Director Computer Services Dr. Earle E. McGehea 

OB Librarian Mr. Jerrel K. Moore 

33 Dean of Students Dr. Fred V. Rhodes 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Tommy Smith 

06 Registrar Hr. Charles R. Downs 

34 Dean of Women. Hrs. Mary Muse 

29 Director Alumni Association. Mr. Henry Adams 

37 Director Financial Aid Mr. Marvin E. Bishop 

36 Director of Placement nr. Villiam E. Yates 

27 Director Information Service... Mr. J. Dean Duncan 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Juanita J. Ehren 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Clyde E. Reese 

58 Dean of the Graduate School rr. Heber B. Hardy Jr. 

4 9 Dean Col Sci and Humanities Dr. Robert M. HcChesney 

57 DeaD Pine 6 App Arts-Sciences.... Dr. Fritz K. Ehren 

50 Dean of Coi Bus Administration Dr. J. Conrad Carroll 

53 Dean of College of Education Dr. Robert 0. Morrow 

VISTARK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 3649, Fort Smith 72913 Congressional District: 3 

County: Sebastian PICE Identification: 001110 

Telephone (501) 785-4241 Entity Numbers 1-71-039-4794-A1 

Established 1928 Coe( j 

Enrollment: 3,565 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $348 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; HH, ADHOR, SURGT 

0 1 President Dr. James Kraby 

03 Dean of Instruction Dr. James Shane 

32 Dean of Students Dr. jack cutler 

10 Dean of Business Affairs.. Hr. Joel Stubblefield 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Dennis Cash 

27 Director Public Information Hrs. Sondra Waldrop 

08 Director of Learning Resources Hr. Max L. Burns 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Ray Sparks 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Richard Hudson 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Gabe Peters 

30 Director of staff Development........ Dr. Gordon Watts 

51 Director of Community Services...... Sanai Sanders 


CALIFORNIA 


ALLAN HANCOCK COLLEGE 

800 South College Drive, Santa Maria 93454 

Congressional District: 19 
County: Santa Barbaca PICE Identification: 001111 

Telephone (805) 922-6966 Entity Number: 1 -95-600-0940- Al 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,912 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : JO 
Control; State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA 

01 President Dr. Gary R. Edeibrock 

05 Assistant Supt Instruction Dr. Prances H. Conn 

03 Vice President Operations Mr. George E. Howard Jr. 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. William l. Jesse 

10 Dean Adainv Services Mr. Lynn L. Christophersoti 

08 Librarian Mr. Edward Hiseblood 

33 Dean of Students Mr. Joseph R. white 

07 Dean of Counsel and Admissions Hr. Leon V. Vawter 

14 Director Computer Center Mr. Milt Bowden 

26 Director Community Services Mr. Eugene c. Stevens 

51 Dir Cont Ed 8 Summ Session Mr. Donald Hilson 

75 Assoc Doan Applied Arts 6 Sci Mr. Ted S. Sypolt 

49 Assoc Dean Libl Arts and Sci Mrs. Agnes S. Grogan 

55 Director Lompoc Center Mrs. Martha J. Osborne 


AMERICAN ACADEMY OF DRAMATIC ARTS-HEST 

1610 Elizabeth Street, Pasadena 91104 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 012447 

Telephone (213) 790-0777 Entity ltumbor: 1- 13-042-9660- A 1 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 273 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,475 

Control; Independent Monprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3WC, awj 

01 Executive Director Mr. Michael Thoma 

03 Associate Director Mr. Bryn Morgan 

05 Associate Director Ms. Georgia Phillips 

04 Director of Development Dr. Louis C. Riess 

06 Registrar Ms. Barbara lemtuons 

07 Director of Admissions-Hest Mrs. Julie A. Brady 

08 Head Librarian Mrs. Alice L. Swanson 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Martha A. Fowler 

10 Dursar Mrs. Laverne Ruhland 


AMERICAN BAPTIST SEMINARY OP THE WEST 
2515 Hillegass Avenue, Berkeley 94704 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001120 

Telephone (4 15) 841-1905 Entity Number: 1-95-256-9194-A 1 

Established 1871 Coed 

Enrollment: 79 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: American Baptist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program; Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 President . Dr, L , coward McBain 

05 Dean Dr. Cyril D. Garrett 

06 Registrar 8 Director Placement.... Mr. Douglas R. Sharp 

10 Vice pres Bus Finance Affairs.... Dr. Louis F. Knoll 

30 Director of Development Hr. Kinston E. Neal 

56 Dean of Extension Education Dr. Leland D. nine 

♦AMERICAN CONSERVATORY THEATRE 

450 Geary street, San Francisco 94102 

Congressional District; 5 
County; San Francisco FICE Identification: 029134 

Telephone (415) 771-3880 Entity Number: 1 -13-253-2126 -A 1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 86 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,200 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program; Professional 
Accreditation: awe 

S“* Ct0r men Fletcher 

06 Reoistrar Edward Hastings 

urn Registrar Meribeth Meacham 



21 


CALI FORNIA 


ANTELOPE VALLEY COLLEGE 


BAKERSFIELD COLLEGE 


3011 H Avenue K, Lancaster 93534 Congressional District: 18 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001113 

Telephone {005) 943-3241 Entity Number: 1-95-222-8663-A1 

Established 1929 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,280 

Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $5 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-lfear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ, ADNUR, RAD 

01 President.. Dr. Clinton H. Stine 

33 Vice Pres Student Activities.. Hr. Killian P. Hontacble 

32 Vico Pres of Student Services. Hr. Francis M. Keenan 

10 Vice Pres Business Services Hr. Killian G. Fellers 

05 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs Hr. Jennings G. Brown 

00 Director of Library Services Mrs. Lois J. Hughes 

57 Dean of Pine Arts - Hr. Jennings G. Brown 

50 Dean of Business Division Hr. Hike Martin 

60 Dir of Phy Education-Athletics Hr. Brent A. Carder 

119 Dean of Math-Science Division Hr. Russell E. Miles 

75 Dean of Technical Education Hr. Frank C. Roberts 

66 Director of Allied Health. Mrs. Rae Yoshida 


ARMSTRONG COLLEGE 


1 B0 1 Panorama Drive, Bakersfield 93305 

Congressional District: 18 
County: Kern PICE Identification: 001118 

Telephone (805) 395-4011 Entity Humber: 1-95-600-6644- A1 

Established 1913 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,938 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In -State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ , (DA, RAD 

01 President Dr. John J. Collins 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. David C. Scott 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Richard L. Wright 

05 Dean of Instruction...' Dr. Richard Harkins 

38 Assoc Dean Counsel 6 Testing.... G. Harriet Sheldon 

37 Assoc Dean Student Services Hs. Yvonne Milliken 

15 Dean Certified Personnel Dr. Phyllis Selby-Babbs 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records Ms. Sue Scoggins 

26 Director of Public Information Mr. Ralph Nielsen 

08 Assoc Dean Library Services Dr. Claire Larsen 

10 College Business Manager. Ms. Alice Pinkerton 

56 Assoc Dean Continuing Ed Mr. Ron McMasters 

49 Dean General Education Dr. Charles Carlson 

75 Dean Occupational Education Mr. Paul Howard 


2222 Harold Hay, Berkeley 94704 Congressional District: 8 

County: Alameda PICE Identification: 001115 

Telephone (415) 048-2500 Entity Numbers 1-94-029-0425- A1 

Established 1918 Coed 

Enrollment: 370 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,178 

Control: organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: Liberal Arts 
and General: Professional 
Accreditation: HC 


01 

03 

05 



Chief Exec Of f-Plan-Develop 

... Ms. Constance D. Comstock 



32 

10 

37 





















50 

Director School of Accounting... 



ART CENTER COLLEGE CP DESIGN 

1700 Lida Street, Pasadena 91103 congressional District: 22 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001116 

Telephone (213) 577-1700 Entity Number: 1-95- 1 92-1340-A1 

Established 1930 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,439 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,800 

control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: KC , ART 

01 president and Director. •••■ Don Kubly 

10 Vice President-Treasurer - Ronald R. Jernigan 

06 Registrar Michelle Gringeri-Brown 

30 Sr Vice Pres-Dir Development.... Edward P. Hanak 

26 Vice Pres-Dir Public Relations Patricia M. Cummings 

29 Alumni Secretary * Sylvia Bennett 

07 Director of Admissions. Rosa M. Zaiaivar 

38 Dir Recruitment-Placement George Gav 

55 Director of Evening Division knne Horley 


♦AZUSA PACIFIC COLLEGE 

Hwy 66 at Citrus, Azusa 91702 Congressional District: 26 

County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001117 

Telephone (213} 969-3434 Entity Number: 1-95-174-4369 -A1 

Established 1899 „ c °®“ 

Enrollment: 2,046 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,166 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Master's 

program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HC, NOR 

01 President....... 

03 Vice pres Academic Affairs............ *•*;*: P ® 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs..... Hendrick C. Bode 

08 Librarian.. Edward Peterman 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs Timothy Purga 

37 Director of Financial Aid... Ron Hilson 

06 Registrar Jeanette Brookins 

07 Director of Admissions *•••• Larry Brooms 

05 Dean of Instruction Andrea HcAleenan 


BARSTOH COLLEGE 

2700 Barstow Road, Barstow 92311 Congressional District: 37 
County: San Bernardino PICE Identification: 001119 

Telephone (714) 252-2411 Entity Humber: 1-95-600-64 15-A1 

Established 1959 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,588 

Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (In -State) : 50 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: HJ 

01 President Edwin Spear 

05 Dean of Instruction Killian Krueger 

15 Dean Stdnt personnel Services Robert Chamberlin 

10 Dean Administrative Services Francis L. Lee 

08 Librarian Thomas A. Kimball 

06 Director Guidance 6 Admissions Kenneth MacK 

55 Dean Occup Ed 6 Cmty service Jack Sherman 


BAUDER COLLEGE SPECIALIZING IN CAREER EDUCATION 

1321 Howe Avenue, Sacramento 95825 congressional District: 3 
County: Sacramento PICE identification: 011599 

Telephone (916) 927-2936 Entity Number: 1-94-223-0066-A1 

Established 1969 Coea 

Enrollment: 480 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,480 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Yeac Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: HATTS 

01 President...... Killian J. Kettle 

05 Chief Academic Officer Ruth Kettle 

06 Registrar Kathy Halker 

10 Chief Business Officer. Madonna Holf 


BAY-VALLEY TECH 

2550 Scott Boulevard, Santa Clara 95050 

Congressional District: 12 
county: Santa Clara PICE Identification: 029102 

Telephone (4 08) 727-1060 Entity Number: 1-23-189-1908-A1 

Established 1973 

Enrollment: 056 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $3,000 

Control: Organized as Profit Making other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NATTS _ 

01 Director Keith P. Binkle Jr. 

06 Registrar ° arcia 

10 Business Manager Evone Hurger 


BETHANY BIBLE COLLEGE 
800 Bethany Drive, Santa Cruz 95066 

Congressional District: ’6 
county: Santa Cruz FICB Identification: 001121 

Telephone (408) 438-3800 Entity Number: 1-94- 139-34 16-A1 

Established 1919 , . , _ 

Enrollment: 594 Ondergraduate Tuition and Fee3: $1,585 

Affiliation: Assemblies of God church Other 



Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 

Program: liberal JrtB and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: WC, BI 

01 President. Rev. Richard B. Poth 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Sally Bennett 

05 Dean of Education Dr. Charles E. Pace 

10 Business Manager Hr. 0. Charles Rutter Jr. 

12 Cam Pastor £ Dir Student Life Rev. Paul Bruton 

05 Registrar Hiss Caraine H. Wilson 

03 librarian......... Rev. Arnold L. HcLellan 

33 Director of Student Services Mr. Gary Bruegaan 

34 Dean of Women Mrs. Gladys I. Gunderson 

26 Director of College Relations... Hr. Wally Bennett 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Paul Veliquette 

07 Ada is Information Coordinator Mrs. Pan Saallvood 


BI01A COLLEGE 

13830 Siola Avenue, La Mirada 90639 

Congressional District: 33 
County: los Angeles PICE Identification: 001122 

Telephone (213) 944-0351 Entity Number: 1-95-054-9600-A1 

Established 1908 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,224 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: S3, 000 

control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P tofessiocal 

Accreditation: WC, BI, 3CIPSY, MOS, NUR, THE0L 

04 President Dr. J. Richard Chase 

10 Vice Pres for Busiress-rFinance Dr. Robert P. Crawford 

05 Academic Tice President Dr. Robert B. Fischer 

06 Registrar He. Bill Gartrell 

07 Dean of Adaissions and Records Mr. Wayne Chute 

06 Librarian Hr. Gerald L. Gooden 

32 Dean of Students Dr. J. Vincent Morris 

33 Associate Dean of Students Mr. David L. Young 

14 Director of Computer Center. Mr. Edward Gallagher 

29 Eiecutive Secretary of Aluani Mr. Richard Thune 

26 Director for Public Relations Mrs. Evelyn Gibson 

37 Dir Student Financial Services... Hr. Jaaes Fenton 

30 Director of Development Mr. Art Black 

34 Dean of Women Mrs. Jane Higa 

38 Director of Student Counseling Hr. Robert Karaan 

49 Associate Dean of Faculty Dr. Richard I. HcNeely 

71 Director of the Summer Session Dr. Paul Poelstra 

58 Dean Talbot Theol Seminary Ec. Glen O'Neal 

00 Dean Rosemead Graduate School Dr. John Carter 

55 Director of Inteisesaion Dr. Allen Carden 

56 Director of Extension Mr. Te a Barnett 

♦BROOKS COLLEGE 

4825 E Pacific Cat Hvy, long Beach 90804 

, , Congressional District: 34 

County. Los in gel <s PICE Identification: 011246 

Sstablished 2 1971 557 " 6611 Entity Number: 1-74-146-5472-A1 

a Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 52^980 
control: Organized as Profit Making Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years irimester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: BJ, BATTS 

os ESS ;; “luSr 

3 5 «.«..« .*,«« ::::::::::: 

+BBOOKS 2HSTII0TE 

2190 Alston Boad, Santa Barbara 93108 

Couatv Tanta R , r s.,. Congressional District; 19 

L-sifisK^" 

7S ® . Undergraduate Tuition and pees: J 3 C ]qo 
C ontrol: Organized a3 Profit Makina 

Highest Offering: Master's Trimester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 
Accreditation: uc 

05 Director Acadeaic Affairs .„*.*.”” . n r B Safi-—. 8 ? 00 * 8 ,! 1 

06 Registrar... Dr * lil,erte 4 * Wolfe 

07 Director of Admissions* u’J E ! ans 

10 Fiscal Vice President...., nts. Anita J. Shaw 

04 vice prea-program Counselor 

26 Director of Public Rela,Uons * * -J n.?! ! etec 

29 Dir Aluani Assoc and Placement ’I”:""" £’ 

08 Director of the library 4 “° ld 

53 Dean of Students ?* Be * . J? “ ahe c 

Mr. Phil Cohen 


BUTTE COLLEGE 

Route 1 Bor 1B3 A, oroville 95965 Congressional District: 1 
County: Butte FICE Identification: 008073 

Telephone (916) 895-251 1 Entity Humber: 1 -94 -163-71 74- A 1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,017 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : SO 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: KJ, RSTH 

01 Superintendent-President Dr. Wendell L, Roodor 

05 Vice Pres for Instruction Vacant 

10 Dep Superintendent-Business Mr. Jack H. Briggs 

45 Dean Administrative Services... Dr. James G, Mitchell 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Pers Services Mr, Kenneth H. Lucas 

37 Dir Finan Aid 6 Place Services Vacant 

06 Director Admissions-Records. Hr. Romeo E. Horln 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Donald L. Johanns 

27 Director Community Services Mr. William L. Earle 

75 Dean Career Education Mr, Earl P. McGhoe 

56 Dean Eyen Col-Glenn Co ctrs Mr. Brest L. Matlock 


CABRILLO COLLEGE 

6500 Soquel Drive, Aptos 95003 Congressional District: 16 

county: Santa Cruz FICE Identification: 00112« 

Telephone (408) 425-6000 Entity Humber: 1 -94-600-2633- A3 

Established 1959 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,024 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 532 
Control: State/Local 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yaar 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA, Dll, rad 

01 President Dr. John C. Petersen 

05 Asst Supt for Instruction Mr, Floyd L. Younger 

10 Asst Supt for Bus Services...,. Dr. Garrett C. Nichols 

32 Adminv Dean Student Services Mr. Gene Wright 

37 Dean Special Services Mr. Fielden C. Carter 

09 Dean Instructional Services Dr. John Hinton 

33 Director Student Affairs,... Mr. Bill J. Glover 

08 librarian Mr. John MacPhereon 

27 Public Information officer Dr. Timothy Welch 

06 Registrar Mr. John D. Cravlond 

51 Dean Occup and Cont Education Mr. Drennen Snyder 

CALIFORNIA BAPTIST COLLEGE 

8432 Magnolia Avenue, Riverside 92504 

. „ ,, congressional District: 36 

County: Riverside FICE Identification: 001125 

Telephone (714) 689-5771 Entity Number: 1 -93-189-0710- A 1 

Established 1950 Coed 

746 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,550 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist 4-i-q 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC 

ns »r«a«< nt n Dr. Ja » es R - Staples 

10 S! an Pr * Stephen P. carleton 

06 ReoiRfrar” Mt ‘ Charles CalhoUt 

11 : : "ii. 5i«“ Sk*SiSS 

07 Director *>E Development Dr. Jay Chance 

Director of Adaissions Hr. Ha iter Grubb 

CALIFORNIA CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 
4881 e University Avenue, Fresno 93703 

county: Fresno Congressional District: 15 

safeLna,-’-”" 

- ui luitio " * na 

Accreditation: 3BI 
01 President, . ........ 

06 Registrar Mr * John 01 Smith Jr. 

32 Dean of Students.... ' '******•* Hyatt 

10 Bookkeeper..,. Mr * Tsd E * Wilbanks 

Mrs. Thelma Headley 



CALIFORNIA 


CALIFORNIA COLLEGE CF ARTS AND CRAFTS 

5212 Broadway, Oakland 94618 Congressional District: 0 

County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001127 

Telephone (4 15) 653-0118 Entity Humber: 1-94-1 15-6485-A1 

Established 1907 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,123 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S3, 790 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: WC , ART, JPIDER 

01 President Hr. Harry X. Ford 

10 Business Manager. Vacant 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Vacant 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs Mr. John i). Streetz 

06 Registrar - Hr. William P. Hoore 

08 Librarian Hr. Robert L. Harper 

36 Director of Placement Services Mr. Booker T. Smith 

15 Director Personnel Service Ms. Barbara R. Barrett 

27 Director Information Office Ms. Evelyn S. Johnson 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Robert Lawson 

30 Chief Development Officer Hr. Harold D. Buck 

07 Director of Admissions Hs. Jean T. Thoaaa 

3 B Director student Counseling Ms. Carolyn McGinnis 

45 Vice Pres Planning-Research Mr. Robert F. Forth 

58 Director Graduate Division Ms. Phil Linhares 

53 Director Education Division Dr. Piroja H. shroff 


CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

1201 East California Blvd, Pasadena 91125 

Congressional District: 22 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001131 

Telephone (213) 795-6811 Entity Number: 1-95-164-3307- A1 

Established 1091 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,709 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,289 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: wc, ENG 

01 President Dr. Marvin L. Goldbetger 

05 Vice Pres Provost Dean-Faculty.. Dr. John D, Roberts 

10 Vice Pres Bus-Fin and Tr'eas Hr. David W. Morrisroe 

30 Vice Pres Institute Relatipns Mr. Eugene R. Wilson 

33 Vice Pres Student Affairs Dr. James J. Morgan 

06 Regstr- Adninr Student Affairs Dt. Lyman G. Bonner 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Stirling L. Huntley 

36 Director of Placements Dr. William F. Nash Jr. 

08 Director of Libraries. .............. . Mrs. Johanna E. Tallaan 

25 Director of Sponsored Research... Mr. Allan J. Lindstrom 

14 Director of Computer Center.. Mr. Charles B. Ray 

15 Director of Personnel... Hr. Wayne P. Strong 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. James B. Black 

58 Vice Provost-Dean Grad Stdies Dr. Cornelius J. Pings 

49 Div cbrmn Geological Science Dr. Barclay W. Kamb 

54 Div chrmn Engr-App Sciences Dr. Roy H. Gould 


CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF POEIATRIC MEDICINE 


Eddy Street, San Francisco 94115 

Congressional District: 5 
County; San Francisco FICE Identification: 001135 

Telephone (415) 563-3444 Entity Humber: 1-94-035-695 0- A 1 

Established 1914 Coed 

Enrollment: 396 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional 
Program: Professicnal 
Accreditation: WC, POD 

01 Act g Pres 6 Dir Bus Affairs Hr. Honi Jamshed 

05 Academic Dean Of. Raul R. Scherer 

08 Medical Librarian Mr. Leonard P. Shapiro 

06 Dir Admis C Rec-Stdnt Services Mrs. B. Catherine Carazo 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hs. Iraa Walker 

38 Dir Counsel-Retention Services Dr. Seth Bernstein 

♦CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF THE ARTS 

24700 McBean Parkway, Valencia 91355 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001132 

Telephone (805) 255-1050 Entity Number: 1-95-1 69-4159-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 737 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,150 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WC , ART, HUS 

01 President Robert 0. Fitzpatrick 

05 Provost-Vice PreB Acad Affairs..... Ralph Hetzel 

10 Vice President-Administration... John H. Clark 

30 Vice Pros Develop-Pub Affairs Louise Tate 

00 Librarian..— Elizabeth Armstrong 

32 Student Advocate Henry Scott 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Renee Levine 

06 Registrar....................... * - - Joy Packer 

37 Director of Student Aid..... Bobbi Hauer 

04 Assistant to the President. ..................... . John Orders 

26 Director of Public Affairs... Richard Houdek 

15 Director of Personnel Ann R. Currie 

57 Dean of School of Art-Design Eric Martin 

64 Dean of the School of Music Nicholas England 


CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF ASIAN STUDIES 
3494 21st Street, San Francisco 94110 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 012154 

Telephone (415) 648-1489 Entity Number: 1-94-225-4303-A1 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 173 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate} No Undergraduates 
Program: Liberal Arts ana General; Professional 
Accreditation: 3WC, MFCC, MFCD 

01 President..... Dr. Theodore Vestal 

06 Regstr-Dir of Admissions.. Dr. Ira Rechtshaffer 

08 Library Director Mr. Vern Haddick 

05 Academic Dean.. • Dr. Ralph Hetzner 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs...... Mrs. Bina Chaudhuri 

37 Student Financial Aid Officer Ms. Gloria Beck 


CALIFORNIA LUTHERAN COLLEGE 

60 West Olsen Road, Thousand Oaks 91360 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Ventura FICE Identification: 001133 

Telephone (B05) 492-2411 Entity Number: 1 -95-195-3063-A1 

Established 1959 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,494 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,100 

Affiliation: American Luth and Luth Church in America 4-1-4 
Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Dr. Carl W. Segerhaamar 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. David E. Schraun 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. William E. Ilaam 

10 Vice Pres for Dusiness-Pinance Hr. A. Doan Buchanan 

27 Director of Public Information Ms. Mary Kekhuis 

30 Actg Vice Pres for Development Mr. Kenneth Siegele 

06 Registrar Hr. Alan L. Scott 

07 Director of Admissions Rev. Ronald Timmons 

08 Director of libraries..... Miss Aina H. Abrahamson 

32 Dean for Student Affairs Rev. Ronald E. Kragthorpe 

37 Financial Aid officer....' Hr. Charles V. Drown Jr, 

29 Director of Alumni Relations— Ms. Kristen Grude 

15 Acting Director of personnel Hiss Susan Tolle 

38 Director of Counseling - Hs. Tonja Hanson 

36 Dir Car Planning 8 Placement.-. Mr. william wingard 

58 Actg Dean Grad Stdies Cont Ed Dt. Janes C. Jackson 


CALIFORNIA MARITIME ACADEMY 


P 0 Box 1392, Vallejo 94590 Congressional District: 4 

County: Solano PICE Identification: 001134 

Telephone (707) 644-5601 Entity Number: 1 -94-600-1347-03 

Established 1929 Coed 

Enrollment: 483 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $901 
control: state Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: wc , BNGT 

01 President R Adm. Joseph P. Rizza 

32 Dean of Students Cdr. Louis M . McDermott 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Harvey R. Fraser 

10 Administrative Officer Mr. . William C. Black 

06 Registrar Hr. Michael L. Glynn 

08 Librarian Mr. Paul W. O'Bannon 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. David G. Buchanan 

26 Public Affairs Officer Mr. Harry Diavatis 

36 Student Placement officer Capt. Mayer R. Armbrust 

37 Dir student Financial Aid Ms. Diane Hulen 

03 Executive vice President Capt. William D. Craig 

54 Head of Marine Bngr Department Cdr. Otto J. Bruhn 

53 Head of Gen Studies Department Mr. Ohlen K. Alexander 

75 Director vocational Education........ Capt. Mayer R. Armbrust 

72 Hea'd-Nautical Industl Tech cdr. John M. Keever 

CALIFORNIA SCHOOL OF PROFESSIONAL PSYCHOLOGY 
♦♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

2152 Union Street, San Francisco 94123 

congressional District: 6 







County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 010301 

Telephone (415) 346-4500 Entity Nuaber: 1-94-1 69-9659-A3 

01 President ..I John R. O'Neil 

03 rice president. ............................ . Donald H. Miller 

10 Acting Comptroller Abatto Avilez 

07 Director Admissions 6 Planning Harold Snedcof 

27 Dir Coaaun and Development Constance Hinckley 

♦CALIFORNIA SCHOOL CP PROFESSIONAL PSYCHOLOGY AT 8ERKELEI 
1900 Addison Street, Berkeley 94704 

Congressional District; 8 
County: Alameda PICE Identification: 009044 

Telephone (415) 548-5415 Entity Huaber: 1-94-169-9659-A1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Eorollient: 313 Ondecgraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Triiester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Pregift a: Professional 
Accreditation: DC 

02 Caapue Dean Dr. Edvard Bourg 

05 Dean for Acad and Prof Affairs Dr. Lillian K. Cartwright 

07 Dean Stdnt 6 Adainv Affairs..... Dr. Sandra Inglis 

15 Director Support Services Ms. Delores Levin 

04 Adainv Isst to Caapus Dean Ms. Karen Svett 

06 Registrar Ms. Janet Schoid 

08 Librarian Ms. Karen Hildebrand 


* *C All PORNIA SCHOOL OP PROFESSIONAL PSYCHOLOGY AT FRESNO 

1350 B Street, Fresno 93721 Congressional District: 15 

Conn ty: Fresno FICB Identification: 011881 

Telephone (209) 466-8420 Entity Nuaber: 1-94-169-9659- A5 

Established 1969 Cded 

Enrollment; 163 Ondetgcaduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Ccntiol; Independent nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Progiaa: Professional 
Accreditation: sc 

02 Caapus Dean Fresco Dr. Ibrahia M. Abou-Ghorra 

03 Dean for Professional Affairs.. Dr. Joseph M. Sacks 

05 Dean for Acadeaic Affairs Dr. B. Bruce Fisher 

32 Dean for Student Affairs Dr. T. Russell Mitchell 

15 Assastact for Business Affairs Ms. Linda Ginn 

03 Librarian Ms. lnge Kau f flian 

♦•CALIFORNIA SCHOOL OF PROFESSIONAL PSYCHOLOGY AT LOS ANGELES 

3755 Eeveriy Boulevard, Los Angeles 90004 

, , Congressional District: 24 

County. Los Angeles F1 C e Identification: 010013 

Esta b listed 2 1969^'" ^ 01 Entity Number: 1-94-1 69-9659-A4 

." 02 . Undergraduate Tuition and Fees:°J0 

control! Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Eoctorate; No Undergraduates 
Frcgraa: Professional 
Accreditation: sc, ICLPSY 

•? ;5i°, o £ D A^^u;;;;;;e'rfairr.::::;;:;;;*o r ? r coSnS?rp^Ii^ 

> Dean of Acadeaic Affairs .! Dr SSsenh 

f ^^1^X1 ^°:::-' fls * chrls “ r 

5 Registrar Dona Ra Y 

1 Librarian...., as ’ PaBela Egashira 

2 fer sc C d..t 

'CALIFORNIA SCHOOL OF PROFESSIONAL PSYCHOLOGY AT SAN DIEGO 
397u Sorrento Valley Blvd, San Diego 92121 

County: San Diego mu'SKM ?^ trl £ s 143 

Accreditation: «c 

02 Caapus Dean „„ . 

Dr » Joanne E. Callan 


05 Dean Acad Professional Affairs 

09 Director of Besearch 

3 6 Director Professional Training.. 
32 Dean stdnt £ Adainv Affairs..... 

10 Director of Business Affairs... 

06 Director Admissions 6 Records. 

08 Librarian 

4 5 Director of Core Curriculum. . ! 


Dr. Sydney Saith 
• Dr, Julian Heltzoff 
- Dr. Steven F. Bucky 
Dr, Michael E. Pittenger 
Hr. Ration H. Johnson 
••• Hr, Morgan Hunter 
Hr. Daniel B, Sanborn 
*•* Dr. Prances Parks 


CALIFORNIA STATB UNIVERSITY AND COLLEGES 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

400 Golden Shore, Long Beach 90802 

Congressional District: 34 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001136 

Telephone (213) 590-5506 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1347-01 

01 chancellor..... Dr. Glenn S. Dunks 

03 Executive Vice Chancellor Hr. Harry Harmon 

10 Vice Chancellor-Business Hr. D. Dale Manner 

05 Vice Chancellor-Academic Dr. Alex C, sherrlffs 

15 Actg Vice Chanc Faculty-Staff Dr. Robert Tyndall 

32 St Univ Dean Student Affairs Dr. David Kagan 

09 St Univ Dean Instnl Research Dr. R. G . Hhitasel 

26 Director of Public Affairs Hr. Hilton Frank 

14 Director Information Systems Dr. Laurence Baker 

51 St Univ Dean Cont Education Dr. Ralph D. Hills 

♦CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGB-8AKBRSFIELD 

9001 Stockdale Highway, Bakersfield 93309 

Congressional District: 18 
County: Kern FICE Identification: 007993 

Telephone (805) 833-2011 Entity Nuaber: 1 -95-264-30G6-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,088 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5103 
control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: HC, BUS, HT, NUR 

02 President Dr. Jacob P. Ftankal 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Jill Wilson 

05 Vice President Dr. Philip M. Rico 

03 Dean.for Administration Dr. Kenneth E. Socor 

32 Dean of Students.. Dr. George B. Hibbard 

10 Business Manager Mr. Gordon M. Callison 

08 Director of Libraries Mr. Denton F. Schelde 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Dr. Homer S. Montalvo 

45 Planning Officer Dr. Daniel V. Taylor 

38 Dir Counseling and Testing Dr. Richard M. Swank 

06 Registrar..... Mr. Nolan shaffar 

37 Director of Financial Aids Dr. Stevo llordon 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Leon Harris 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. Donald Zarlingo 

30 Development Officer Mr. Sid Sheffield 

19 Director of Security Mr. A1 Zuniga 

3 . Director Student Placement Hr. William Porry 

25 Dir Res £ Sponsored Programs Dr. Kenneth L. Nyborg 

58 Dean Grad and Extended Studies.. or. Roy R. Dull 

50 Dean Bus 6 Pub Administration Dr. Richard 3. Wallace 

qu *!!!! °« f dacati °“‘-* Dr, Deborah 0. Hancock 

49 Dean of Arts and Science.- Dr. John coash 

♦CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE-SAH BERNARDINO 

5500 State College Pkwy, San Bernardino 92407 * 

... D Congressional District: 37 

S nLn n PICE Identification: 001142 

EsUbUsSed 12L Entity HUnbart 1-95-606-7343-A1 

Enrollment: 4,227 Coe “ 

Control; state Undec 9 radua tft Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $205 
Highest Offering: Master's Cunrter 

^Professional 1 ArtS *“* Generalj Teacher Preparatory; 
Accreditation: WC , NUR 
02 President 

“ mi : : : ; • • - - 

14 Dean Acaa Admin and ComDutlnn! D *1 K t at ° n b i!?' 1 * 0 ® 

45 Dean of Academic Dr * James D. Thomas 

36 Assoc Dean Student ServiceR*' D „ ‘ Ralp ** Petcuc °i 

07 Assoc Dean Adnis and RerordR ” r * Do ^ e J * Stansel 

06 Registrar..... R «cords Mr. Horace S. Prouty 

38 Associate Dean of'cminnoi ««^ Mr ?‘ Jo * nn Von * ,ald 

08 Librarian...... *••• Dr - H. Hatton 

09 Dir Institutional* Research" Arthur E. Nelson 

15 Personnel Officer •■»•••«• Dr. Robert A. Schwabe 

27 Director of Public* if fair* Oscar C, Jackson 

37 Director Financial sia * Miss Edna L. Steinaan 

51 Dean of Continuing Education **; Hr. Ted Krug 

57 Dean School of Humani+.ioR *""*"*'* Dc * Stephen A. Bowles 

72 Dean Sch of Natural Sciences!!:.* * Dr 'Jcvlng H. Buchan 

«9 Dean Sch of Social Sciences. „ Dr - Jaa6s D - Crun 

53 Dean school of Education ^ Dr. Ward H. McAfee 

50 Dean School of Administrati;;! i!! !! *' ■ ! * * Dt t ‘ P * Qa ? cl 2 

* c r. H. A. Hovarland 



25. 


cALiFoatm 


♦CALIFORNIA STATE CCLLEGE- STANISLAUS 

800 Monte Vista, Turlocn 95380 Congressional District: 15 

County: Stanislaus FICE Identification: 001157 

Telephone {209) 633-2122 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1347-A1 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,675 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $216 
Control: state 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation: WC 

02 President Dr. A. Halter Olson 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs..... Dr. Ruben Torch 

03 Executive Dean..... Hr. Gerald J. Crowley 

10 College Business Manager...... Hr. Frank C. Dalbo 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Richard Sebok 

26 Director of College Relations......... Dr. Richard Alter 

06 Registrar Hr. C. H. Quinley Jr. 

07 Dir Admissions and Recotds.... Hr. Edward J. Aubert 

08 College Librarian Hr. R. Dean Galloway 

14 Hgr Data Processing Services Hr. Hiles B. Twaddell 

51 Director Continuing Education. Dr. Kenneth Shrable 

♦CALIFORNIA POLYTECHNIC STATE UNIV ERSITY-S A N LUIS OBISPO 

San Luis Obispo 93407 Congressional District: 16 

County: San Luis Ohispo FICE Identification: 001143 

Telephone (805) 546-0111 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1 347-B6 

Established 1901 Coed 

Enrollment: 15,977 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $308 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Mancer's 

Program: Terminal occupational Delow Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: WC, ARCH, ENG, ENG T , LSAR 

02 President Dr. Harren J. Baker 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. Dale V. Andrews 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Hazel J. Jones 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Russell il. Brown 

45 Executive Dean-Facilities..... Hr. E. Douglas Gerard 

10 Director of Business Affairs Hr. James R . Landreth 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records.... Hr. F. Jerald Holley 

27 Director of Public Affairs Hr. Donald L. HcCaleb 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Richard A.’Equinoa 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Hr. Lowell H. Dunigan 

14 Director of Computer Center.... Dr. Thomas J. Mueller 

08 Director University Library.. Dr. David B. Walch 

15 Director Personnel Relations Mr. Donald L. Shelton 

47 Dean Agric and Hat Resources Dr. Howard C. Drown 

48 Dean Arch and Envrnmtl Design Hr. George J. Hasslein 

50 Dean of Dusiness Dr. Robert K. Coe 

57 Dean of Arts and Humanities Dr. Jon H. Ericson 

54 Dean of Engr and Technology Dr. Robert G. Valpey 

53 Dean Human Da velcp-Ed ucation Dr. Carl C. Cummins 

49 Dean Science and Mathematics Dc. William C. Langworthy 

♦CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UN IVER SI TY -POMONA 

3001 West Tenple Avenue, Pomona 91760 

Congressional District: 35 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001144 

Telephone (714) 590-4726 Entity Number: 1 -94-6 00-1347-B7 

Established 1938 Coed 

Enrollment: 15,448 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $210 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Haster'3 

program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC, ARCH, BNG, ENGT, LSAR, SW 
02 President Dr. Hugh 0. Labounty Jr. 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Paul P. Weller 

45 Executive Dean... Dr. Robert G. Bonds 

10 Director of Business Affairs... Dr. William E. Pox 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Henry House 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Hr. Richard G. York 

06 Registrar Hr. Robert L. Losser 

08 Librarian... Mr. Harold F. Wells 

09 Dit of Institutional Research Dr. Stuart H. Friedman 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Harry H. Jacobs 

36 Director of Placement.. Hr. Gary E. Fcederickeen 

15 Acting Director of Personnel Ms. Dorothy L. Roberts 

14 Automated Data Prcessn Manager Hr. James P. Kilroy 

49 Dean of School of Arts Dr. Ernest D. Rose 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. W. Slater Hollis 

54 Dean School Engineering Br. Beaumont Davison 

47 Actg Dean School Agriculture. Dr. Allen C. Christensen 

S3 Dir Teacher preparation Center Dr. Alvin H. Thompson 

48 Dean Soh Environmental Design.. Hc * j0rs s ’ French 

00 Dean School of Science Dr. Ralph M. Ames 


♦CALIFORNIA STATE UNIV ERSITY-CHICO 

Chico 95929 Congressional District: 1 

County: Butte FICE Identification: OOH46 

Telephone (916) 895-6116 Entity Humber: 1-94-600- 13 47-D4 

Established 1887 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,547 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $233 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, ART, BUS, ENG, HUS, NUR, SW , TED 
02 President Dr. Robin Wilson 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Robert L. Fredenburg 

10 Vice Pres for Administration Dr. Allan Forbes 

04 Assistant to the President Ann Nordhus 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. John G. Safarik 

07 Dir of Admissions £ Records Kenneth C. Edson 

06 Registrar.......... Hr. Bruce Rowen 

08 Dean Ling Act Research center.... Dr. Phyllis I. Bush 

47 Dean Sch Agric-Home Economics Dr. Lucas Calpouzos 

72 Dean School Applied Science.... Dr. Gary Watters 

49 Dean Sch Behav and Soc Science Dr. James 0. Haehn 

50 Dean of School of Business Dr. Andrew Sikula 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Arley L. Howsden 

58 Dean School Graduate Studies Dr. John S. Morgan 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Ralph F. Heuter 

57 Dean Sch Humanities-Fine Arts Dc. Renee Kogel 

65 Dean School of Natural Science....... Dr. William L. Stephens 


♦CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY DOMINGUEZ HILLS 
1000 E Victoria Street, Carson 90747 

Congressional District: 32 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001141 

Telephone (213) 516-3300 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1 347-B5 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,173 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $212 
‘Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: WC, ART, BUS, MI, MUS, TED 
02 President Dr. Donald R. Garth 

05 Vice President Planning... Dr. Donald A. MacPhee 

45 vice President Operations Dr. David J. Karber 

32 Dean of University College Dr. Sue Gemnell 

10 Business Manager Mr. Lino Barro 

08 Dean Educational Resources Hr. Phillip Wesley 

06 Dir of Recoids-Registration. Hr. Larry D. McClelland 

09 Dean of Academic Resources Dr. Rhody H. Ringis 

26 Dean Community Programs Mr. Raul Aceves 

38 Director Personal Counseling Dr. Janie MacHacg 

15 Personnel Officer Ms. Wally Moore 

14 Dir of Institutional Studies Dc. william R. Blischke 

57 Actg Dean Hum and Fine Arts Dr. Hansonia Caldwell 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. George Walker 

50 Actg Dean School of Management Dr. Cyril Zoernec Jr. 

49 Dean of Soc and Behav Science Dr. Joann Fenton 


♦ CALIFORNIA STATE UHI VERSI1 Y-PR3S NO 

Fresno 93740 Congressional District: 17 

County: Presno FICE Identification: 001147 

Telephone (209) 487-9011 Entity Number: 1-94-600- 1 347-CU 

Established 1911 Coed 

Enrollment: 14,819 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $221 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, AUD, BUS, ENG, JOUR, MUS, HUR, PTA, SP, 

SW, TED 

02 President..... Dr. Harold H. Haak 

03 Executive Vice President Mr. David W. Holmes 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Tomas A. Arciniega 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Paul E. Bissonnette 

08 College Librarian Hs. Lillie S. Parker 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. William H. Corcoran 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Hr. Kent C. Davies 

06 Registrar..... Hr. Robert R. Board 

38 Dir Student Health-Counseling Dr. Decyle K. Allen 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Harold L. Best 

37 Director of Financial Aids... Hr. Joseph W. Heuston Jr. 

27 Director of Public Information Hr. James B. Miller 

36 Director of Placement Dr. Harold D. Jones 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. James A. Fikes 

65 Dean of Natural Sciences. Dr. Stephen A. Rodemayer 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Vivian A. Vidoli 

54 Dean of Engineering. . . Dr. Janes D. Katheny 



£AU£QBm. 


26 . 


47 Dean of Agricultural Sciences.. 

50 Dean of Business 

70. Dean of Social Hock -••• 

53 Dean of Education. ........... . 

63 Director of Health Professions 

57 Dean of Hunanities 

71 Dean of Professional Studies.. 
49 Dean of Social Sciences....... 


Dr- Charles H. Smallwood 
..... Dr. Gene E. Burton 
.... Hr. Richard D. Ford 
... Dr. Homer H. Johnson 
... Dr. Sanford H. Brown 

Dr. Joseph Satin 

Dr. John H. Martin 

.... Dr. Peter J. Klassen 


•CALIFORNIA STATE UN1V ER SITY- FULLERTON 

Fullerton 92634 Congressional District: 39 

count*: Orange FICE Identification: 001137 

Telephone (714) 773-2011 Entity Number: 1-95-208-1258-A2 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 23,125 

Otder graduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *228 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofesslocal 

Accreditation: HC, ART, BOS, ENG , OOUB, BUS, SP, TED 
02 President L * Donaia Shields 

05 Proa S Tice Pres for Acad Aff... Prank Marini 

10 Business Manager. Thomas A. Williams 

06 Registrar John B * Sweeney 

07 Dean Admissions and Records. ............... • Ralph B. Bigelow 

08. Librarian Ernest H. Toy 

32 Dean of Student Services T. Roger Rudd 

27 Director of Public Affairs Jerry J. Keating 

09 Interm Dir of Inatnl Research............. Charles J. Mosmann 

3 Dir actor of Placement John H. Gillis 

14 Director of Computer Center., Gene H. Dippel 

51 Assoc Vice Pres Ertnd Ed David L. Halkington 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies..... Giles T. Brown 

49 Act g Doan Bum and Soc Sci..- . Don A. Schweitzer 

54 Dean Nath-Science-Engineering. . A. Janes Diefenderfer 

50' Dean Bus Admin ntd Economics... Henry F. Anderson 

53 Dean Human Develop £ City Serv.- Pater A. Pacione 

57 Dean of the Arts Gerald D- Samuelson 


♦CALIFORNIA 5TATE UNIVERSITY -H MBAUD 

Hayward 94542 Congressional District: 9 

Couity: Alameda FICE Identification: 001138 

Telephone (415) 881-3000 Entity Humber: 1-94-600-1347-B9 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,257 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3212 
Control: State Other 

Bighest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess ional 

Accreditation: HC, ART, EOS, BOS, HUR, TED 

02 President Dr. Ellis E. NcCune 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.......... Dr. Maurice E. Dance 

03 Vice President Administration Dr. Robert A. Kennally 

45 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Resources........ Dr. George H. Peterson 

25 Assoc Vice Pres Fac Aff & Res...- Dr. Judith A. Hunt 

30 Executive Dean Dr. Killian G. Vandenburgh 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Lyle D. Edsison 

10 Business Manager Mr. Lee Bateman 

04 Exec Assistant tc President Mr. Thomas R. Morrison 

07 Dir Admissions and Records............. Hiss Judith L. Hicsch 

08 Director of the Library - Vacant 

09 Director Institutional Studies........ Mrs. Leone R. Midiffer 

26 Director of Public Affairs..... Mr. Darrell N. Gray 

36 Director of Placement Services Dr. Eugene H. Clark 

14 Director of Computer Center... Mr. Leo R. Von Gottfried 

38 Director. of Counseling Service............. Dr. Betty J. Wenz 

15 Director of Personnel . Mr. Slade Lindemon 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aids..... Ms. Janis I. Linfield 

49 Dean Arts Letters-Soc Science Dr. Alan H. Smith 

58 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Programs Dr, Leigh 8. Hintz 

50 Dean Sch Bus and Economics Dr. Jay L. Tontz 

53 Dean of School of Education............... Dr. James E. Walker 

65 Dean of School of Science. Dr. Dennis R. Parnell 


♦CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY-LONG BEACH 

1250 Bellflower Blvd, Long Beach 90840 

Congressional District; 34 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 00-1139 

Telephone (213) 498-4121 Entity Number; 1-94-600-1347-P5 

Established 1948 Coed 

Enrollment: 30,877 ........ 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees{In-Stat'efs $218 
Control: State . " Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: HC, AHBST, ART, BUS, ESG, FIDER, JOUR, HUS, 
HUR, PTA, SP, SH 


02 

05 
04 
32 
45 
10 
30 
09 

07 

08 

06 
36 
29 
51 
75 
50 

53 

54 

57 
49 

71 

58 
70 

72 


President 

Vice Pres for Academic Affairs 
Vice Pres for Administration.. 
Vice Pres for Student Affairs. 

Executive Dean-Planning. 

Business Manager 

Exec Vice Pres Foundation 

Director Institutional Studies 
Director Admissions 6 Records. 

Librarian 

Registrar. 

Dir career Plan and placement. 
Director of Alumni Affairs..... 
Dean of Continuing Education.. 
Dean Sch App Arts and Science. 
Dean school Bus Administration. 
Dean of School of Education... 
Dean of School of Engineering. 
Dean of School of Fine Arts... 
Dean of School of Uuaanities. . 
Dean School Natural Sciences.. 

Dean of Graduate Studies 

Dean School Soc-Behav Sciences 
Dir Pub Pol and Administration 


Stephen H> 

Vac 

.... David 8. G 
John H. Shalnl 
... Jav >1. Eogn 
.. charlotte Be 

Vac 

....... Ronald 

. Leonard Krout 
Peter Spyers-Du 
Theodore P. Fa 
El. Edward Babb 

Mary Tay 

Vac 

... c. Thomas 0 
.. Seymour Mars 
.. John Nelson 
Richard C. Pot 
. Charles Schwa 
. Ronald Applib 
...... Roger Ba 

Vac 

Simeon J. Crowt 
.. Melchior Pow 


♦CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY-LOS ANGELES 

5151 State University Dr, Los Angeles 90032 

congressional Districtl 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001 

Telephone (213) 224-0111 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1341 

Established 1947 ^ 

Enrollment: 22,350 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-state) : I 
Control: state Quar 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: HC, ART, BUS, DIET, DIETI , ENG, MUS, NUR, SV 


TED 

02 President.... Janes H« Roi 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.... • John A. Pa) 

10 Vice Pres for Administration Patricia A. Me 

06 Registrar Clayton E. l\ 

07 Director of Admissions '. Hilliam F. 1 

08 Librarian Morels Pc 

32 Dean of Students David J. Bou) 

09 Dir Institutional Research Vac 

13 Director Information Systems... Joe 

36 Director of Placement Todd Kendi 

45 Director of Campus Development Harry R. Delkesl 

25 Dean Research and Grants Bob H. Su: 

29 Director of Alumni Association Carol Numi 

37 Director of Financial Aid Larry Brai 

27 Director of Public Affairs Vac 

38 Director of Student Counseling..... Paul Stromc 

15 Director of Personnel Services............ David R: 

4 9 Dean of Letters and Science Donald C. D< 

54 Dean of Engineering Martin s. Rc 

50 Dean of Business and Economics Donald G. Male 

53 Dean of Education Philip D. Vi 

57 Dean of Fine and Applied Arts Ben C. < 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Roger I 


♦ CALIFORNIA ST AT B UN IV ERSITY-NORT BRIDGE 


18111 Nordhoff Street, Northridge 91330 

Congressional District 
county: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 00 

Telephone (213) 885-1200 Entity Number: 1-94-600-134 

Established 1958 

Enrollment: 28,029 ' 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : 


Control: State Semei 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HC, BUS, CHE, ENG, USA, JOUR, MUS, PTA, RAD 
SP 

02 President Dr. James Cl 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs..... Dr. David N . Be 

10 Vice Pres Admin 0 Development Dr. Keith S 

32 Dean of Students.. Dr. Edmund G. Pec 

07 Director Admissions-Records. Mr. Ned Reyn 

06 Registrar...... Ms. Lorraine He 

08 University Librarian Mr. Norman E. T 

09 Dir Institutional Research..... Dr. Gerald II. Gai 

27 Dir University News Bureau.... Ms. Judy E 

37 Dir student Financial Aid...... Mr. Leon 

38 A S8cc Dean Stdnt Counsel-Test............. Dr. Stanley Si 

15 Director of Personnel...... Va 

14 Director of Computer Center......,.,. Mr, Jerry B 

30 Dir Cmty Relations-Developoent. ........ . Mr. Robert 1. 

36 Dir Career Plan 6 Placements........... Dr. Leland C. Gas 



si- 


CSLIIOJRMIii 


56 Dean of Continuing Education - Dr. Janes O'Donnell 

49 Dean School Humanities.. Dr. Jerome Richfield 

54 Dean Sch Engr-Comp Sciences Dr. Charles Sanders 

50 Dean Sch Bus Admin 6 Ec Cr. Janes W. Robertson 

53 Dean of school of Education Dr. Anthony C. Labue 

57 Dean Sch of the Arts Dr. Ralph lleidsiek 

70 Dean So c- Behavioral Sciences . . Dr. Willian Knowles 

60 Dean Commun-Prof Studies.. Dr. Lennin Glass 

50 Dean Graduate Studies-Resea rch Dr. Charles Bearchell 

♦CALIFORNIA STATE UNIV ER SI TY- SACRAMENTO 

6000 J Street, Sacramento 95019 Congressional District: 3 

County: Sacramento FICE Identification: 001150 

Telephone <916) 454-6011 Entity Numbec: 1-94-600-1347-F6 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollment: 21,222 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $212 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess ional 

Accreditation: WC, ART, AO D, BOS, ENG, HUS, NUR, SP, SW, TED 
02 President Dr. V. Lloyd Johns 

05 Acad Affairs Vice President Dr. Sandra D. Barkdull 

06 Registrar Mr. Tom R . Edwards 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Dr. Duane L. Anderson 

OB Librarian Ms. Joyce Ball 

10 Vice Pres of Admin-Bus Affairs.......... Dr. Willian C. Kerby 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. John G. Miles 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Richard B. Hughes 

29 Director Alumni Affairs Mr. Raymond G. Clemons 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Timothy F. Comstock 

36 Dir Car Develop Place Services....... Hr. William J. Mitchell 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Ralph Alvarez 

45 Inters Asst Vice Pres Budget. Dr. Richard 0. Krolak 

49 Dean School Arts and Sciences... Cr. Roger W. Leezer 

50 Dean School Bus Administration..... Dr. Austin J. Gerber 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Raymond J. Endres 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. James Neal 

54 Dean of School of Engineering.... Dr. Donald il. Gillott 

56 Coordinator of Extension Mr. Fred McNally 

58 Dean of Graduate studies Dr. June 2. Stuckey 

66 Actg Chrmn Division of Nursing - Ms. Annita B. Watson 

68 Actg Chrmn Div Hlth-Phy Ed Dr. Calvin K. Doyes 

70 Dean of School of Social Work Dr. J. Paul Walsma 

♦ HUMBOLDT STATE UNIVERSITY 

Areata 95521 Congressional District: 2 

County: Humboldt FICB Identifications 001149 

Telephone (707) 826-3011 Entity Number: 1-90-000-2047-A1 

Established 1913 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,534 

Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees (In-State) : $231 
control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

program: Liberal Arts and Ueneral; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC , POB, MUS, NUR 

02 President Dr. Alistair W. McCrone 

04 Executive Asst tc President Dr. Alba M. Gillespie 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Mr. Milton Dobkin 

03 Vice Pres for Adminv Affairs Dr. Donald F. Strahan 

32 Dean of Students - Dr. Edward M. Webb 

45 Dir Cam Projects and Research Dr. Donald F. Lawson 

10 Dir Administrative Services Mr. Edward C. Del Biaggio 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. James R. Cunningham 

07 Dean of Admissions S Records Mr, Robert L. Hannigan 

06 Registrar Mr. William C. Arnett 

08 Librarian Mr. David K. Oyler 

37 Director Financial Aids...... — Mr. Jack Altman 

14 Dir Data Processing Services Mr. J. D. Mild 

36 Dir Career Development Center Ms. Susan Hansen 

15 Personnel Officer...' Mr. Lee Simmons 

38 Director Counseling Mr. David R. HcHurray 

51 Dean Continuing Education Dr. Sharon K . Ferrett 

49 Dean Sch Behav 6 Soc Science Dr. Jedon A. Emenhiser 

50 Dean Sch Business 8 Economics..- Dr. John R. lowry 

57 Dean Sch creative Arts 6 Hum Mr. Ronald R. Young 

65 Dean School Natural Resources..... Dr. Donald w, Hedrick 

68 Chrmn Div Hlth-Phy Education Dr. Larry W. Kerker 


♦SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVBRS1TY 


Congressional Districts 41 
FICE Identification: 001151 
Bntity Number: 1-94-6OO-1347-F0 

Coed 


San Diego 92182 
County: San Diego 
Telephone (714) 265-5200 
Established 1897 
Enrollment: 31,933 

Undergraduate Tuition and Peas (In-state) s $224 
Control: State Semester 


Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC , ART, AUD, DUS, ENG, MUS, NUR, SP, SW, TED 

02 President Or. Thomas B. Day 

05 Vice Pr esident-Academic Dr. Albert V. Johnson 

04 Assistant to the President Mrs. Wanda A. Harosz 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs.. Hr. William I. Erickson 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Edward R. Mendez 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Cr. Daniel D. Nowak 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Robert L. McCornack 

27 Director of University Affairs. Me. Paul J. Steen 

08 Director of Libraries.. Dr. Ned V. Joy 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Thomas R. Pearson 

14 Director of Computer Center.... Me. Harold K. Brown 

25 Foundation Manager Mr. Harry Albers 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. William P. Locke 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies « Dc* James W. Cobble 

57 Dean College Arts and Letters Dr. Robert C. Detwoiler 

49 Dean of College of Sciences Dr. Donald R. Short 

54 Dean of College of Engineering Dr. Jay II. Harris 

50 Dean College of Business Admin..... Dr. Allan F. Bailey 

70 Dean college of Human Services........... Dr. Harriet G. Kopp 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Robert R. Nardelli 

71 Dean of Offcampus Center Dr. Linda L. HcAlister 

72 Dean of Professional Studies... Dr. Jerry E. Handel 


♦SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY 

1600 Holloway Avenue, San Francisco 94132 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Prancisco FICE Identification: 001154 

Telephone (415) 469-2141 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1347-DG 

Established 1899 Coed 

Enrollment: 23,845 

Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (In- State) : $214 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctora'te 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, AUD, BUS, CIIH, ENG, MUS, NUR, SP , SW, TED 
02 President... Dr. Paul F. Romberg 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Robert D. Picker 

26 Director University Relations.. Mr. Don V. ScobLe 

05 Provost Dr. Lawrence A. lannl 

08 University Librarian Dr. Joanna R. Buster 

25 Dir Burk Pdn for Education Dr. Lawrence Eisonberg 

32 Acting Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Robert House 

38 Director Counseling Services Dr. Eduard 0. Ilascall 

36 Director Placement Center. Dr. Vernon A. Wallace 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs....... Dr. Konnilyn G. Peig 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Gayle Cieszkiewicz 

45 comptroller Hr. Alfred L. Leidy 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Dr. Ellis C. Gedney 

09 Actg Dir Info Systems- Analysis Mr. Alfred L. Leidy 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Dr. Charles A. stone 

50 Dean of Graduate Division Dr. Robert N. Rogers 

51 Actg Dean of cont Education Mr. Peter M. Dewees 

70 Dean Scb Behav 6 Soc Science Dr. De Vero E, Pentony 

50 Dean School of Business Mr. Arthur F. Cunningham 

57 Dean School of Creative Arts Mr. James Bravar 

53 Actg Dean School of Education.. Dr, William Cowan 

71 Actg Dean Sch Ethnic Studies Dr. Phillip McGee 

68 Dean Sch of Hlth-Phy Ed e Rear.... Dr. Richard B. Westkaeaper 

60 Dean School of Humanities Dr. Nancy G. HcDernid 

49 Dean School of Science Dr. James C. Kelley 


♦SAN JOSE STATE UNIVERSITY 

Washington Square, San Jose 95192 Congressional District: 10 
County: Santa Clara PICE Identification: 001155 

Telephone (408) 277-2000 Entity Number: 1-94-608-5258-A1 

Established 1857 Coed 

Enrollment: 25,821 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $224 
Control; State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts ana General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, ART, AUD, BOS, CHE, ENG, JOUR, LIB, MUS, 
NUR, OT, PH, PNUR, SP, SW, TED 

02 President........ Dr. Gail P. Fullerton 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. Jack V. Coleman 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Robert W. Burns 

10 Director of Business Affairs..... Mr. Glen 8. Guttocmsen 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Robert s. Martin 

45 Dean of Academic Planning Dr. John K. Foote 

04 Budget Officer Mr. Will Coursey 

07 Dir Admissions and Records...., Hr. Clyde B. Brewer 

14 Dir Info Systems 8 computing Ms. Patricia A. Stadel 

08 Director of Library... Ms. Maureen Pastine 

36 Dir Career Plan and Placement Mr. Gerald Brody 

3 0 Director of Counseling. ..... Dr. Robin Clyde 



S&JsiSSM It 


28 


37 Die Student Financial kids 

15 Personnel officer 

29 Exec Coord Alumni Association.. 

58 Dean Grad Studies-Reseacch 

<19 Dean App Arts E Science 

50 Dean school of Business 

53 Dean School of Education....,., 

54 Dean School Engineering.. 

57 Dean Humanities and the Arts.., 
70 intern Dean Sch of Social Work 
51 Dean of Continuing Education.. 


Mr. Donald 5. Ryan 

.. Mr. Samuel J. Hilioto 

Hr. Wynn Cook 

... Dr. John G. Weihaupt 

Dr. Andrew Hughey 

... Dr. George Halverson 
Dr. Francis T. Villenain 

Er. Jay Pinson 

.... Dr. Arlene Okerlund 

......... Hr. Jose Villa 

...... Dr. Ralph C. Bohn 


• SOUGH A STATE UNIVERSITY 

1 801 East Cotati Avenue, Rohnert Park 94928 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Sonoma FICE Identification: 001156 

Telephone (707) 664-2860 Entity Number: 1-94-600-1347-B4 

Established 19 60 Coed 

Enrolment: 5,505 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3234 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC, HUS, HUB 

02 President Dr. Peter Dianandopoulos 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Frank L. Keegan 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Ben Y - Quong 

0B College Librarian — Dr. Ruth A. Hafter 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Frank H. Tansey 

06 Registrar Mr. Fred H. Jorgensen 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Alan R. Hurray 

36 Director Student Placeaent. Mr. Rand E. Link 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Joaquin J. Sanchez 

14 Director ConputeE Center Mr. Eduard Glaaser 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Richard s. Goodenough 

27 Director of Public Affairs Hr. David W. Holostrom 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. George l. Proctor 

49 Dean School of Buaanities Jlr. tarry A. Snyder 

00 Dean Sch of natural Sciences Dr. Galen E. Clothier 

00 Dean School of Social Sciences Dr. Jeffery T. Doutt 


♦CALIFORNIA WESTERN SCHOOL OF LAW 

350 Cedar Street, San Diego 92101 Congressional District: 41 
County: San Eiego F1CE Identification: 013106 

Telephone (7 14) 239- 0391 Entity Humber: 1-95-294-459U-A1 

Established 195R Coed 

Enrollment: 704 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Senester 

Highest offering: First Professional; Ho Undergraduates 
Prograo: Professional 
Accreditation: LAS 

05 Chief Academic Officer Robert K. Castetter 

06 Registrar Barbara J. Costley 

06 Head Librarian Chin Rio 

61 Dean Director of Law......... Robert J. Castetter 


CENTER FOR EARLY EDUCATION 

563 North Alfred Street, Los Angeles 90048 

Congressional District: 24 
County: los Angeles FICE Identification: 001160 

Telephone (213) 651-0707 Entity Number: 1-95-176-8857-A1 

Established 1939 Coed 

Enrollment: 30 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,550 

control: Independent Ncnprofit Senester 

Highest Offerings Master's 

Prograo: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Teacher 
Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Dr. Estelle Shane 

10 Business Ad ninist ra tor Ms. Edith Glikbarg 

05 Dean Dr. Michael Berlin 

07 Associate Dean Er. Eliot Bean 

06 Librarian. Hrs. Sandra Tung 

06 Registrar Mrs. Barbara zarider 

56 Associate Director Hs. Estelle Kraaer 


CERRJTCS COLLEGE 


11110 E Alondra Blvd, Norwalk 90650 

Congressional District: 33 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001161 

Telephone (213) 860-2451 Entity Nuaber: 1-95-60Q-5521-A1 

Established 1955 Coed 

Enrollment: 22,331 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State} : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: WO, DA, Dll, PTAA 
01 President and Superintendent.. 
05 Vice President of Instruction. 
08 Assoc Dean Lrng Materials Ctr. 
10 Vice Pres Business Services... 
15 Dir Employer-Employee Relation 

32 Dean Instrl Support Services.. 

26 Dean of Community Services.... 
14 Director of Data Processing... 

33 Assoc Dean Student Activities. 

07 Director of Admissions 

27 Director of Publications...... 

30 Assoc Dean Counseling Center.. 
36 Job Placement Interviewer 

53 Asst Dean of Academic Affairs. 
55 Asst Dean of Voc Education.... 

49 Dean of Academic Affairs...... 

75 Dean of Vocational Education.. 
57 Assoc Dean-Fine Arts 6 llper... 

69 Assoc Dean-Health Occupations. 

50 Assoc Dean-Business Education. 

54 Assoc Dean-Sci Engr 8 Hath.... 

70 Assoc Dean Hum Social Sciences 

72 Associate Dean Technology 


.... Dr. Wilford Michael 

Hrs. olive Scott 

Hr. Gerald Liebor -Macka y 
.... Dr, Valter Magnuson 

Dr. Frank Ramirez 

Hr. Don Siriani 

Hr . Hello Di cor po 

.... Hr. Norman Micolsort 
... Mr. Richard Robinson 

Hrs. Lynn Hanks 

Vacant 

Dr. Fran Newman 

Hrs. Hadge Hudson 

.. Dr. Edward Bloomfield 

Hr. Keith Adana 

Dr. Louis WUnon 

.. . Hr. Richard Whiteman 

Hr. Hal Simonok 

... Mrs. Mildred Ikomoto 

Hr. Martin Wennoan 

Mr. Doan Paige 

Dr. Silvia llubbnll 

Mr . Ralph Chadwick 


CERRO COSO COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

College Heights Boulevard, Ridgecrest 93555 

congressional District: 10 
County: Kern FICE Identification: 010111 

Telephone (714) 375-5001 Entity Number: 1 -95-600-6644 -A2 

Established 1973 Cood 

Enrollment: 3,930 

Undergraduate Tuition anti Fees (In-Stato) : $0 
Control: State/Local Homester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. Raymond A. HcCu<? 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Richard A. Dodge 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Paul J. Riley 

10 Dir Administrative Services Mr. Konnnth Fit© 

38 Director Guidance Services Hr. Don Hour ton 

03 Assoc Dean of Instruction Dr. Allison Swift 

51 Dean of Southern Outreach Dr. Clyde S. Cherry 

75 Assoc Dean of Instruction Hr. Hoe I), Darnel! 


C1IABOT COLLEGE 

25555 Hesperian Blvd, Hayward 94545 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001162 

Telephone (415) 706-6600 Entity Humber: 1 -94- 167-056 3- A ' 

Established 1961 Cool 

Enrollment: 18,013 

Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (I n-St.sv to) : *0 

Control: State/Local ouattot 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA, Dll, HRT 

01 President Dr. Reed L. Buffiugtor 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Richard D. Y oc 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. Arthur !.. I.fltruoi 

45 Dean Administrative Services.. Hr. John R. McKinlwy 

08 Assoc Dean Instr-Lrng Resrc Hr. Warren IK Hick? 

02 Dean of Valley Campus Dr. Barbara F. Moi to: 

10 Business Hanager Hr. Walter S. Roltli 

36 Dir Spec Stdnt Serv-Placement Mr. Frederick !>i»! 

55 Assoc Dean Instr-Soc App Sci Dr. Shanon L. Christ Lansor 

49 Assoc Dean-Creative App Arts... Dr. Ira L. Hincklcs) 

75 Assoc Dean Instr-Nat App Sci Hr. Robert G. Itunhoi 

56 Assoc Dean of emty Services He. Santiago Garza Jr, 


+CHAFFEY COLLEGE 

5885 Haven Avenue, Alta Loma 91701 

Congressional District; 31 
County: San Bernardino PICE Identification: 00116: 

Telephone (714) 907-1737 Entity Number: 1 -95-600-0550-A 

Established 1883 Coe< 

Enrollment: 10,625 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $i 
Control: State/Local Quarto: 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than « Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNUR, DA, rad 

01 President. Dr. James L. Catnnzari 

05 Executive Dean of Instruction.,.. Mrs. Beulah Lope: 

08 Librarian......... Mr. Frank Pinkccto: 



CALI FORHIA 


06 Dean Admissions and Records Mr. h. David Hafiz 

15 Personnel Administrator Ms. Rosella Marilao 

09 Dir Educational Development Mr. Richard staneski 

36 Placement Services Officer Mrs. Sharon Beets 

14 Manager Data Processing Mr. Robert L. Snedaker 

10 Asst Superintendent Business Mr. Robert E. Totten 

37 Financial Aids Officer Hs. Elaine Davis 

55 Associate Dean of Instruction Mr. Leonard Martyrs 

+CHAPM A N COLLEGE 

333 Worth Glassell Street, Orange 92666 

Congressional District: 39 
County: Orange FICE Identification: 001164 

Telephone (714) 997-6646 Entity Number: 1- 95-1 64-3992-A1 


Established 1918 
Enrollment: 5,211 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,790 


Control: Independent nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation: WC, SW 

01 President - Mr. G. T. smith 

03 Vice President Administration. Dr. Robt B. Sharp 

05 Dean Academic Affairs Dr. Cameron Sinclair 

32 Dean of Student Development Dr. David P. Dodson 

10 Vice Pres for Finance Mr. Ramsey z. Alexander 

30 Vice Pres for Development Dr. Wayne E. Hoffmann 

06 Registrar Mr. Emery B. Ovens 

27 Director of News Services Hr. Scott wiengart 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Anthony Garcia 

08 Head Librarian.. Mrs. Janice H. Shavl 

29 Director of Alumni Activities Hr. Vaughan W. Kelley 

.36 Dir Car Plan and Placement Mr. Robert A. Ebersol 

14 Director Computer Center Ms. Sidney Vest 

37 Dir student Financial Planning., Hr. Alan Hishne 

15 Director Personnel Hr. Marvin Lehtnan 

53 Dean Undergraduate Studies Dr. Bert C. Williams 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. John P. Gruber 

56 vice Pres for Resident Ed ctrs Dr. Villian Kennedy 


♦CHRIST COLLEGE IRVINE 

1530 Concordia, Irvine 92715 Congressional District: 40 

County: Orange FICE identification: 029059 

Telephone (714) 752-6222 Entity Number: 1- 95-279-8775- A1 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 140 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,355 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church-Hissouri Synod Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation; 3WC 

01 Presiaont and Dean of Students Dr. Allen II. Nauss 

04 Assistant to President Dr. Carl V. Berner 

05 Academic Dean * Dr. shang I. Moon 

10 Business Administrator Mr. Robert Barnes 

30 Director of Development. Rev. Immanuel Janssen 

00 Librarian Nr. Dale Hartmann 

06 Registrar Mrs. Shirley I. Hess 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Arthur Frese 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms- Diane Alianiello 

27 publicity Coordinator Mrs. Louise Vagner 

♦CHRISTIAN HERITAGE COLLEGE 

2100 Greenfield Drive, El Cajon 92021 

Congressional District: 43 
County: San Diego FICE Identification: 012031 

Telephone (714) 440-3043 Entity Number: 1-95-266-8328-A1 

Established 1970 

Enrollments 405 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,050 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: avc „ „ „ 

01 President Dr. Henr * a * Horcis 

45 Executive Vice President Dr. Arthur L. Deters 

03 A dm inv Vice President Dr. Henry M. 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dc. G. Edwin Miller Jr. 

10 Business Manger * **• To “ ** 

06 Dir Admissions ana Registrar...,. Kc. William O. Brown 

08 Director of Library... ••• Dr. Arnold D. Ehlert 

37 Dir Financial Aids-Placeaent .... Mr. Andrew “« 

32 Dean Stdnts-Dir stdnt Recruit Me. Donald a. Blackburn 

34 Dean of Women • Pe *®” 

38 Guidance and Career Counselor ..... Mrs. Sydney a. aray 

26 Dir Promotions Special Pcojs. ... .. .. Mrs. Leana T. Christensen 
30 Dir Planned Giving Services. . . «r. Ronald e. Rice 


CHURCH DIVINITY SCHOOL OP THE PACIFIC 

2451 Ridge Road, Berkeley 94709 Congressional District: 8 

County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001165 

Telephone (415) 848-3282 Entity Nuober: 1 -94 - 1 1 5-65 08-A i 

Established 1893 Coed 

Enrollment: 88 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Protestant Episcopal Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WC, THE0L 

01 Dean and President Rev. Frederick H. Borsch 

05 Vice Dean Rev. Shunji F. Nishl 

10 Vice Pres Develop-Manageoent. . . Mr. William M. Bennett 

06 Registrar Ms. Margo Webster 

07 Chrmn Admissions Committee Rev. Saauel H. Garrett 

37 Chrnn Finan Aid Subcoaaittee. Rev. James B. Jones 

29 President Alunni Association Rev. James H. Blundell 


CITRUS COLLEGE 


Box Rrr, Azusa 91702 Congressional District: 26 

County: Los Angeles PICE identification: 001166 

Telephone (213) 335-0521 Entity Number! 1 -95-600-6670-A1 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,665 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $46 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ, DA 

01 President Dr. Robert D. Haugh 

05 Vice President for Instruction Dr. Leo M. Thomas 

10 Vice President for Business Dr. Mel Ross 

30 Vice Pres Student Personnel Mr. Donald L. Madsen 

26 Vice Pres C Asst to President Mr. Ross l. Handy 

32 Dean Counsel and Guidance Dr. Dorothy L. Kearney 

33 Dean of Student Activities Mr. Howard P. Waters 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Hs. Helanie K. Cox 

14 Director of Computing Mr. William C. He cusker 

08 Librarian Mrs. Rita Scott 

55 Dean of Extended Day Mr. Isaac J. Romero 

75 Dean of Vocational Education Mr. Glendon R. Guldberg 


CLAREMONT UNIVERSITY CENTER 
♦■SYSTEM OFFICE 

Claremont 91711 Congressional District: 35 

County: los Angeles FICE Identification: 001168 

Telephone (714) 621-8025 Entity Number: 1-95- 247-9695-A 1 

01 President Dr. Joseph B. Platt 

05 Provost.. Dr. E. Howard Brooks 

30 Vice President for Development Vacant 

10 Vice Pres Finance-Treasurer . Mr. Charles E. Gross 


♦CLAREMONT GRADUATE SCHOOL 

Claremont 91711 Congressional District: 35 

County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: OO'IBS 

Telephone (714) 621-B025 Entity Number: 1-95- 166-4100-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollnent: 1,509 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: HC 

02 President . Dr. Joseph fi. Platt 

05 Vice President and Dean Dr. Paul A. Albrecht 

37 Finan Aids Off-Dir Sumo Sess. ......... . Dr. Carolyn L. Ellner 

36 Director of placement... Ns. Vashti Polka r 

29 Alumni Director i Mr * Grace Grant 

06 I? egstc- Director of fcdnisaions. • Ms. Betty Hagelcarger 

07 Admissions Counselor Vacant ^ 


♦CLAREMONT MEN'S COLLEGE 

Bauer center, Claremont 91711 Congressional Districts 35 

County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001170 

Telephone (7 14) 621-8000 Entity Humber: 1-95- 166-4101-A1 

Established 1946 

Enrollment: 830 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,450 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: WC 

02 President.... 

05 Dean of .the Faculty. Dr. Colin w ^9ht 

30 Gen Sec-Vice Pres for Col Bel *!*. Stanton P. Welsh 



GlUiQBJJEA. 


30 


10 Treasurer.... Hr. Michael H. Rothaaa 

0? Dean of Admission Mr. Emery E. Walker Jr. 

37 Asst Dean 6 Dir Financial aid Mr. Denaan P. Gambill Jr. 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Jerone Garris 

36 Assistant Dean of Placenont Mrs. Ellen Townsend 

06 Registrar..... Mrs. Patti L. Meyers 

IS Director of Personnel. Mrs. Barbara J. Conait 

14 Director of Computer Center.............. Dr. John A. Feeling 

♦ ♦BARVE'i RUDD COLLEGE 

12th and Columbia, Clareuont 91711 

Congressional District: 35 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001171 

Telephone (714) 621-BOOD Entity Humber: 1-95- 19 1-1 21 9-A1 

Established 1955 Coed 

Enrollaent: 498 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 54,950 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Prograa: Professional 
Accreditation: SC, EHG 

02 President David R. Baker 

05 Dean of the Faculty.... Saauel B. Tanenbaua 

06 Registrar Norna B. Kruger 

07 Dean of Adaissions.. Emery R. Walker 

32 Dean of Students Killian Gann 

45 Vice Pres Develop and Planning....... George I. HcKelvey 

in : Director of Business Affairs Tinothy l. Johnson 

♦PITZER COLLEGE 

Clareaont 91711 Congressional District: 35 

County: tos Angeles PICE Identification: 001172 

Telephone (7 14) 621-8000 Entity Nuober: 1-95-226-1 113- A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 706 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 54,640 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 rear Baccalaureate 
Prograa: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NC 

02 President Hr. Frank X. Ellsworth 

03 Vice President Mr. Janes B. Jaaiason 

05 Dean of the Faculty Ms. Patsy Sampson 

10 Treasurer Mrs. Vicke F. Selk 

32 Dean of Students He. Joseph T. Mark. 

06 Registrar Mrs. Ann Maberry 

07 Director of AdsiBsions Mr. Killian Lowery 

30 Director of Development Me. George S. Peck 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Abby Parsons 

* POMONA COLLEGE 

Clarenont 9171 1 Congressional District: 35 

County; Los Angeles F1CE Identification: 001173 

Telephone (7 14) 621-8000 Entity Nunber; 1-95-166-4112-A1 

Established 1887 Co<jd 

Enrollment: 1,342 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 55,634 

Control: Independent Nonprofit seaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 fear Baccalaureate 
Progran: Liberal Acts and General 
Accreditation: KC 

nj? President.. * • * David Alexander 

05 Vice Pres-Dean of the College.. Dr. Robert T. Voelkel 

27 Director of News Buraau lies. Sandra Doubleday 

32 Vice Pres and Dean of Students Dr. Richard A. Pass 

29 Director Alumni Relations Rr . l8e Harlan 

• ™ *f C€ Pcesident and Treasurer Hr. Frederick F. Moon 

30 Vice Pres- Dev elopaent Dr. Ted Gibbens 

07 Dean of Admissions....... Dr. John E. Quinlan 

37 Director Financial Aid ms. Patricia Coye 

nf !? ir , Caceer p ^ auul - n 9 - Placeaent Ms. Lauren Stolper 

06 Registrar... Mrs. Hasago S. Arastcong 

♦SCRIP PS COLLEGE 

10th and Coluabia, Clarenont 91711 

Congressional District: 35 
County; Los Angeles PICE Identification: 0C1174 

Telephone (714) 621-8000 Entity Humbert 1-95- 166-4 12 3- A1 

Established 1926 Noaen 

Enrollaent: 565 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees: $5,176 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Fear Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: vc 

02 President rr 1nlir , u 

05 Dean of the Paculty Dr. Kathleen 0. Wicker 

10 Director of Business Affairs........... Mr. Frederick k ueis 

07 ‘laT'i Helen Ketchum 

V? of stL^ d f iSSl0DS **V*” i1cs * Jaiiet B ' B urbaoJc 

■32 Dean of Students J Mrs. Daryl G smith 

30 Vice President fer Development Hr. Floyd c. Ethridge 

37 Financial Aid Officer....: Mrs! Nanc? ^nvSorhis 


♦CLEVELAND CHIROPRACTIC COLLEGE 

590 North Vermont Avenue, Los Angeles 90004 

Congressional District: 25 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 029183 

Telephone Entity Number: 1 -95-298-8463-A1 

Established 

Enrollaent: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest Offering: 

Progran : 

Accreditation: aciJIRO 


COAST COHHUNITY COLLEGE 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

1370 Adams Avenue, Costa Mesa 92626 

Congressional District: 40 
County: Orange PICE Identification: 008220 

Telephone (714) 556-5090 Entity Nunber: 1 -95-600-2272-A1 

01 Chancellor Dr. Norman E. Watson 

10 Exec Vice chancellor Hr. Correllan J. Thompson 

15 vice Chanc Eaployee Relations Hr. Max M. Russell 

14 Dir of Information Services Mr. Robert Schaulla 

45 Dir Phy Facilities Planning Mr. John P. Potter 

26 Director Comaunity Relations Mr. Richard V. Simon 

38 General Counsel. Mr. John c, Lautsch 

75 Vice Chanc Voc Ed 6 Ed Develop Mr. Donald F. Averill 

♦COASTLINE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

10231 Slater Avenue, Pountain Valley 92700 

Congressional District: 40 
county: Orange PICE Identification: 029027 

Telephone (714) 963-0011 Entity Humber: 1-95-600-2272-A1 

Established 1976 cqed 

Enrollaent: 18,405 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-State) s 50 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Progran: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: KJ 

02 President Dr. Bernard J. Luskin 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Edward II. Decker 

10 Dean Adninistrative Services Mr. David A. Brownell 

07 Dean Admis-Guid-Info Systems.... Mr. John L. Duller 

06 Associate Dean and Registrar Mr. John M. Ureihan 

26 Admin v Asst-Pub Info Officer Hr. Jack R. Chappell 

36 Assoc Dean Coop Education Dr. Charles H. ArdoLino 

38 Assoc Dean Guidance Dr. Joseph E. Riedel 

♦GOLDIN WEST COLLEGE 

15744 Golden West, Huntington Beach 92647 

Congressional District: 34 
County: Orange fice Identification: 001206 

Telephone (714) 892-7711 Entity Humber: 1 -95 -600-2272-A3 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollaent: 20,485 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In -state) t 510 
Control: State/Local , Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; NJ, ADNUR 

02 President... Dr. Lee A. Stevens 

07 Dean Guid- Adaissions 6 Records.. Mr. Fred Garcia 

32 Dean of College Services Dr. William w. Carpenter 

10 Dir College Business Services Mr. Lloyd Hamilton 

27 Dir Caty Rel 6 Pub Information... Mr. Bruce L. Williams 

03 Dir Instructional Operations Mr. Donald L. Randol 

30 Asst Dean Hesse Development Dr. Angelo Sega 11a 

37 Dir Student Assistance Program. Mr. Richard L. Porter 

09 Research Officer Hr. Richard G. Forsberg 

08 Head Librarian.... Ms. Marilyn H. Clapp 

14 Director Computer Center Mr. Michael J. Co* 

51 Assoc Dean Cont Education Mr. John Hordes 

49 Dean Kum- social Sciences-Arts. Dr. William F. Shawl 

50 Dean Bus-Tech 6 Public Service. Dr. Lozen A. Moll 

68 Dean Sci-Hlth 8 Phy Education......... Dr. Frederick J. Owens 

55 Assoc Dean Evening Operations Dr. Williaa Foley 

♦ORANGE COAST COLLEGE 

2701 Fairview Road, Costa Mesa 92626 

Congressional District: 40 
county: Orange FICE identification: 001250 

Telephone (714) 556-5651 Entity Huaber: 1-95-6Q0-2272-A1 

Established 1947 Coea 



31 


CALIFORNIA 


Enrollment: 26,327 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, »ADVET, 8DA, IDT, MAC , HAD, RSTH, RTT 
02 President Dr. Robert B. Moore 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Richard n. Brightman 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records.... Mr. Kenneth E. Movrey 

38 Dean Counseling and Guidance Hr. Francis L. Andreen 

32 Dean of Student Aff air s. Mr. David A. Grant 

08 Librarian.. Mrs. Lucinda E. Coggeshall 

27 Adminv Asst Public Information Mr. James R. carnett 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mrs. Nell H. Woodward 

36 Dean of Special Services Mr. James E. Garmon 

55 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Charles A. lipot 


COGSWELL COLLEGE 


600 Stockton Street, San Francisco 94108 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 001177 

Telephone (415) 433-5550 Entity Number: 1- 94-1 1 5-6509-A1 

Established 1807 Coed 

Enrollment: 425 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 


Accreditation: WC, EHGT 
01 President 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs 

10 Comptroller 

30 Director Resource Development 
32 Director Student Services.... 

06 Registrar . . 

08 Librarian 

37 Assoc Director Financial Aid. 

07 Assoc Director for Admissions 
51 Dean of Continuing Education. 
56 Dean Cogswell College North.. 


... Mr. Dalhart R. Eklund 
... Dr. Sandra G. Migocki 

Ms. Marie Cerovski 

.. Mr. Peter B. Carniglia 
... Mr. Henry Neidermeier 
.... Ms. Joann Vandenberg 
Hr. Herbert E. Childs Jr. 

Ms. Harene Bobinson 

Ms. Ginny Porter 

.. Mr. Philip cecchettini 
Mr. Ronald c. Pare 


♦COLEMAN COLLEGE 


2425 San Diego Avenue, San Diego 92110 

Congressional District: 41 
County: San Diego FICK Identif icaticn: 009273 

Telephone (714) 291-8111 Entity Number: 1- 95-226-8945-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 323 Undergraduate Tuition ana Pees: $3,948 

Control: independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program; Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: JECD, 3SRCB 

01 President Maurice Egan 

0 9 Vice President Grant Jones 

36 Placement Director Terrence Diaisi 

37 Financial Aid Officer Randy Wolford 

3 8 Vice President Lois Stewart 

53 Director of Curriculum..... William Wadvorth 


COLLEGE OF THE CANYONS 

26455 N Rockwell Canyn Rd, Valencia 91355 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Los Angeles . FICE Identification: 008903 

Telephone (805) 259-7800 Entity Number: 1-95-256-1360-A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,464 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
control: State/Local 4-1-4 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ 

01 President.. — Dr. Leland B. Newcomer 

15 Dean of student Personnel.. Dr. Charles P. Hheinschmidt 

10 Asst Supt Bus Serv-Oper..' Mr. Robert Berson 

07 Director Admissicns-Records Mr. Burdett L. Shearer 

32 Director of student Activities, Dr. Alduino A. Adelini 

75 Dean of Instruction........ Me- Steven A. Carra 

49 Dir Instructional Resources Mr. Jan K. Keller 

53 Asst Dean Instr Acad Prog-Serv. ...... . Hr. Robert G. Rockwell 

51 Asst Dean Instr Career Educ...... Mr. John J. Drislane 

69 Acting Director Allied Health Mrs. Helen Lusk 


COLLEGE OF THE .DBS BBT 

43-500 Monterey Street, Palm Desert 92260 

Congressional District: 37 


County: Riverside PICE Identification: 001182 

Telephone (714) 346-8041 Entity Number: 1 -95-600-0929- A1 

Established 1958 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,214 

Undergraduate Tuition and Eees(In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNUH 

01 President... Dr. F. C. Stout 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. C. A. Patterson 

10 Dean of Business Services . Dr. M. W. Ellerbroek 

32 Dean of Students.. Dr. Joe Iantorno 

08 Coordinator Learning Resources Mr. Henry Burnett 

06 Dir Admis and Records Services Dr. John McMillan 

37 Dir Stdnt Act and Finan Aids Mr. Luis Corona 

38 Dir Guid and Support Services Mr. Ron Green 

14 Director Computer Services Hr. Brett Homer 

56 Dean Hi Desert Insrrl Services Hr. James Pulliam 

75 Coord occupational Education Dr. William Kroonen 

66 Dir Nursing and Allied Health Mrs. Marian Katz 


COLLEGE OF MARIN 

Kentfield 94904 Congressional District: 5 

County: Marin FICE Identification: 001178 

Telephone (415) 457-8011 Entity Number: 1-94-602-2431-A2 

Established 1926 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,507 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: w.l, ADNUH, DA 

01 President. levin P. Diamond 

05 Dean Instr £ Student Services Berkeley Johnson 

32 Area Dean of Student Services... Steven L. Padover 

06 Office Manager Pamela J. Mi2e 

37 Financial Aids Officer Elaine Overton 

36 Director Student Placement Kathryn Y. Campbell 

00 Area Dean Library 6 Media Calvin H. Kurzman 

50 Area Dean Business Mary S. Roy. 

51 Area Dean Continuing Education Jared B. Sharon 

57 Area Dean Fine Arts James u. copening 

75 Area Dean Voc Tech Education Joseph E. Berruezo 

49 Area Dean Sci Phy Education.... Douglas Kechter 

55 Dir Eve prog and Summ Session Vacant 


COLLEGE OF NOTRE DAME 

Ralston Avenue, Belmont 94002 Congressional District: 11 

County: San Mateo PICE Identification: 001179 

Telephone (415) 593-1601 Entity Humber: 1-94-115-6646-A1 

Established 1868 * Coed 

Enrollment: 1,331 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,150 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC, MUS, TED 

Q1 President Sr. Catharine J. Cunningham 

05 Dean sr. Rosemarie J. Gavin 

10 Chief Business Officer........... Dr, Arthur Katz 

06 B egistrar. Sr. Diane Hertz 

07 Director of Admissions... Mrs, Kristine C. Zavoll 

08 Librarian ;« Sr. Julie Bellefeuille 

32 Dean of Students Sr. Mary Laxague 

29 Alumni Director Mrs. Mary P. Bosque 

55 Director of Evening Division .... Miss Shirley Ebling 

71 Director Special Programs Gary Hurdough 


COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE OF THE PACIFIC 
309 Pomona Nall East, Pomona 91766 

Congressional District! 35 
County: tos Angeles FICE Identification: 029133 


Telephone (714) 623-6116 Entity Number: 1-95-312-7273-M 

Established 1975 Co ®^ 

Enrollment; 91 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: $OSTE0 

01 President . ... Dr. Philip Pumerantz 

05 Dir Stdnt Af fairs-Registrar Mrs. Janet Dyer 

07 Director of Ms. Shirley Wilder 

10 Director Business Finance... Ms. stanette Kennebrev 

06 Director Financial Aid Ms. Anne Pord 

08 Librarian Mrs. Ursula Stevenson 

26 Director Public Relations Mr. Robert Finegan 

63 Asst Dean' for Clinical Affairs...,. .. Dr. Earl Gabriel 

45 Dean Academic Affairs Dr. Jerry Bailes 

49 Asst Dean for Basic Science Dr. Gayle Nelson 




COLLEGE OP THE REDWOODS 

Eureka 95501 Congressional District: 2 

County: Humboldt PICE Identifications 001105 

Telephone (707) <443-8411 Entity Nunber: 1-94-160- 3509-A1 

Established 1964 c ° ed 

Enrollment: 8,330 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 30 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offerinq: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog tea: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Acer editatioh: «J, DA 

01 Superintendent and President Dr. Donald D. Veichert 

03 Vice Pres Academic Services Sr. DoDald P. Peterson 

10 Vice President for Business Be. Gilbert D. Saunders 

37 Dean Student Support Services.. .............. . Mr. Gerald Sir 

07 Dean Admissions and Records Me. Allen Keppner 

OB Librarian Mr. Gerald Brogan 

04 Dean Administrative Services Mr. Thooas S. Hannah 

14 Director Coaputer Center Mr. Vera Browne 

38 Dean Acadeaic Services Dr. Andrew Vangelatos 


COLLEGE OF THE SEQUCIAS 

Mooney Boulevard, Yisalia 93277 Congressional District: 17 
County: Tulare PICE Identification: 001186 

Telephone (209) 733-2050 Entity Numbers 1-94-600-30Q4-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollaent: 7,035 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (m-state) : $20 
Control: State/Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: wj 

01 President Dr. Iran C. Crookshanks 

05 Assistant Supt of Instruction....... Dr. Lincoln H. Hall 

32 Vice Pres stdnt Pars Services. , Vernon «J. Silva 

10 Vice President of Business Bichard C. Jacobsen 

55 Vice Pres of Evening College Leroy A. Berg 

33 Dean of Ken williaa Bettencourt 

34 Dean of Woaen Lois A. Hopkins 

06 Dean Admissions and Records Robert Heath 

08 Librarian... Lewis Walker 

37 Dean Special Student Services..... J. R. Hays 

72 Dean of Vocational Education Dr. David Bookman 


Telephone (213) 851-0550 Entity Humber: 1-95-207-7629-Ai 

Established 1952 Coed 

Enrollment: 275 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,200 

Control: Organized as Profit Making. Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NATTS 

01 President....... Ernest M. Bauaoistec 

05 Vice President-Dean Cinema Andre Stojka 

'06 Director of Admissions Bruce Shoeaakor 


COHPTOIf COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1111 E Artesia Boulevard, Compton 90221 

Congcessional District: 31 
county: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001188 

Telephone (213) 635-0081 Entity Number: 1 -95-6OO-4903-A1 

Established 1927 Cood 

Enrollment: 5,088 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -state) : $20 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, RSTH 

01 President Dr. Abel B. Sykes Jr. 

05 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs Mr. William Vega 

07 Vice President Student Affairs........... Dr. Willie 0. Jones 

08 Librarian Hr. Llcyd Degarmo 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Saul J, Panakl 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs, Dr. Sidney A. stokes 

37 Dean Student Support Services Dr. Warren A. Washington 

15 Director of Personnel Nr. Robert R, Nunez 

30 Dean College Development Mr. Ronald D. chateau 

32 Associate Dean student Life,.. Mr. Douglas w. Robinnon 

06 Assoc Dean Guidance C Records.... Mr. James p. Henzel 

49 Associate Dean of Humanities Dr. Donald A. Carlson 

50 Dean of Occupational Education......... Dr. Frederick R. Lamm 

68 Assoc. Dean Math Sci-Phy Ed Mr. Carmel J. Ramsey 

66 Assoc Dean Human Services.. Ms. Ida L. Frioby 

51 Assoc Dean Cont Education Mr. Blis C. Williams 


CONTRA COSTA COMMUNITY C0ILEGE 
♦SYSTEM OPFICE 


COLLEGE OF THE SISKIYOUS 

800 College Avenue, Weed 96094 Congressional District: l 

County: Siskiyou PICE Identification: 001187 

Telephone (916) 938-4463 Entity Number: 1-94-161-4470-A1 

Established 19 57 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,790 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $30 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below, Bachelor' sj 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: wj 

01 President Dr. Eugene Schumacher 

05 Vice President instruction Dr. Gary T. Peterson 

10 Asst Supt Business Services Mr. R. Charles Ely 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services..... nr. James G. Bdwards 

08 Librarian Mr, Terry Zinser 

55 Dean of the Evening Division Mr. Roger Y. Ellis 


♦ COLUMBIA C0LLIGE 

P O Box 1849, Columbia 95310 Congressional District: 14 

county: Tuolumne PICE Identification: 007707 

Telephone (209) 532-31U1 Entity Humber: 1- 94-600- 2388-A1 

Established 1968 Coa< j 

Enrollment: 2,769 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- state] : $0 
control: State/local Quarter 

Highest Cf feeing: 2 But Less Than 4 Yeats 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Xear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

0 2 President Dr. Dean Cunningham 

05 Dean of Instruction K i S3 j 0CC „ d, Lyon 

32 Dean of Student Services dr. Paul K. Becker 

08 Librarian i Mr. Raymond L. Steuben 


COLOMBIA COLLEGE 


925 North La Breao Ave, Bollywood 90038 

Congressional District: 34 
county: Los Angeles PICI Identification: 029221 


500 Court Street, Martinez 94553 Congressional District: 7 
County: Contra Costa FICE Identification: 00 1109 

Telephone (415) 229-1000 Entity Number: 1 -94-600-8509- A5 

01 Chancellor Harry R. Outtiaor 

05 Vice chnne Personnel Services Raymond S. Dondoro 

30 Dir Planning and Development Jerry D. Underwood 

10 District Business Manager Clare H. Luioelli 


♦♦CONTRA COSTA COLLEGE 

2600 Mission Bell Drive, San Pablo 94806 

Congressional District: 7 
county: contra costa FICE Identification: 001190 

Telephone (415) 235-7800 Entity Number: 1-94-600-0509-B5 

Established 1948 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,339 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 10 
Control: Statd/Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation; WJ , DA 

02 President Dr. K. Rex Ct’aiq 

03 Dean of Instruction Hr. Robert Mar tine ich 

3 2 Dean of Student Services Mr. Leroy Hiao 

06 Dir Adnissions and Records Mr, Dean Eaton 

10 Dir of Administrative Services.......... Mr. George P. Prskea 

37 Dir of Spec Progs and Services Dr. Sodonla Wilson 

08 Director Learning Resources......... Mr. John W, Hornet 

75 Assoc Dean Tech-Yoc Education .... Vacant 

00 Assoc Dir Tech Industl Ed.: Mr. Kenneth Jackson 

51 Associate Dean Cont Education............ Mr. Williaa H, Vega 

68 Director Special Assignment Mr. Eugene Core 

66 Assoc Director Health Sciences............... Mrs. Helen R0S8 


♦♦DIABLO VALLEY COLLEGE 

321 Golf Club Road, Pleasant Hill 94523 

„ _ Congressional District: 7 

county: contra Costa FICE Identification: 001191 

Telephone (415) 685-1230 Entity Number: 1-94-600-0509-03 

Established 1948 coed 

Enrollment; 18,850 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) t $0 



33 


CALIFORNIA 


Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WO, DA, DH, DT 

02 president Dr. William E. Niland 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. J. Wilson McAfee 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Oohn G. Kelly 

32 Dean of student Personnel Hr. Verle c. Henstrand 

10 Dir of Administrative Services Hr. Barrie W. Boroann 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records Hr. James K. Slusser 

00 Director of Library Services Ms. Hary Dolven 

37 Director Special Programs Dr. Lawrence P. Crouchett 

38 Division Head of Counseling.. Mr. H. Hark Matthews 

51 Assoc Dean of Cont Education Dr. Charles K. Sapper 

52 Director of Dental Programs..../..... Dr. Hilton Luxamberg Jr. 

75 Director Vocational Education....-....'. Ms. Ina Lae Lapun 

49 Div Head Applied 6 Fine Arts Hr. Raymon T. Stansbury 

70 Division Head Social Science Mr. Virgil Woolbright 

53 Division Head Phys Sci & Engr Hr. Clint McDowell 

50 Division Head of Business Hr. led Hah 

60 Division Head Phys Education Hr. Ernie Cecaci 


14 

27 

06 

37 

09 

51 

70 

66 


Programmer Analyst Oper Hgr . Hr. Bruce W. Morgan 

Director o£ Public Information..'........ Hr. Janes Cook 

Registrar . Mrs. Joy f. Henry 

Financial Aids officer Mr. James Stewart 

Dean Instr Sci Hath C Phy Ed..... Hr. Gilbert H. stork 

Dean Instr 6 Humanities Dr. Ernest G. cesentina 

Dean Instr-Occup Ed Spec Prog Hr. Edvin H. Pearce 

Director of Nursing Programs Dr. Halcolm MacDonald 


+CUYAMACA COLLEGE 

2950 Jamacha Road, El Cajon 92020 Congressional District: 43 
County: San Diego PICE Identification: 029246 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-95-600-6652-A2 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 

Control: State/Local 
Highest Offering: 

Program: 

Accreditation: ®VJ 


*LOS MEDAN0S CCLLEGI 


2700 East Leland Road, Pittsburg 94565 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Contra Costa FICE Identification: 010340 

Telephone (415) 439-2181 Entity Number: 1-94-600-0509-B3 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,464 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Les3 Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ 

02 President Hr. John I. Carhart 

08 Director of Learning Resources... Mr. Anedia Donatelli 

10 Director of Business Services Hr. James R. Hill 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records Hr. Thayer Johnson 

32 Dir of Spec Programs-Services Mrs. Shirley Baskin 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Luis F. Torres 

26 public Information Officer Hr. James Baker 

50 Dean Social Economic Studies Hr. Carlton H. Williams 

57 Dean of Humanistic Studies Hs. Sandra C. Booher 

49 Dean of Natural Sciences Mr. Stanley chin 

70 Dean of Behavioral Sciences Mr. Vincent R. Custodio 

66 Director of Nursing Mrs. Lyla Cromer 

61 Director of Admin of Justice Mr. Joe McKeown 

75 Director Cooperative Education Hr. G. Louis Trapp 


CRAFTON HILLS COLLEGE 

11711 Sand Canyon Road, Yucaipa 92399 

Congressional District: 37 
County: San Bernardino FICE Identification: 009272 

Telephone (714) 794-2161 Entity Nunber: 1-95-600-2754-Al 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,940 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S4 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, RSTH, RSTHT 

01 President. Dr. William J. Moore 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Joan & - Stoddard 

06 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Mr. Don A. Yowell 

26 Director Community Services..,.'... Hr. John Harder 

08 Librarian - 8s. Doris Boardman 

51 Asst Dean Cont Education Dr. Edward L. Chapin Jr. 

75 Asst Dean occup Education Dr. Charles Q. Simcox 


CUBSTA COLLEGE 

P 0 Box J, San Luis Obispo 93406 congressional District: 16 
County: San Luis Cbispo FICE Identification: 001192 

Telephone (805) 544-2943 Entity Number: 1-95-600-0938-A2 

Established 1964 Coed ' 

Enrollment: 5, 048 . , .. n 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-Stata) : *20 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. Prank R * Martinez 

05 Vice Pres-Asst Supt Bduc Dr. Ji“ Greathouse 

10 Asst Supt Business Services Dr. Janes R. Duren 

32 Admin Dean student Services.. •• Ht ’ 

08 Director of Library Services........... Miss nary Lou Wilhelm 


CYPRESS COLLEGE 

9200 Valley View, Cypress 90630 Congressional District: 38 
County: Orange PICE Identification: 001193 

Telephone (714) 826-2220 Entity Number: 1-95-239-413T-A 3 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,656 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(ln-State) : S5 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA, DH, FUSER, HAC, HRT, RAD 


01 President Jack Scott 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Pars Services Donald J. Bedard 

05 Dean of Instruction Grover C. Goyne 

06 Assoc Dean Adais and Records Fred L. Head 

08 Librarian Chester A. Dalton 

10 Dean Business and Facilities..... Elma Clamp 

26 Assoc Dean Community Relations Marion J. stoneking 

56 Assoc Dean of Instruction...... Ethel B. Fouste 

38 Assoc Dean Stdnt Pers Services Thomas J. Cooper 


♦D-Q UNIVERSITY 

P O Box 409, Davis 95616 Congressional District: 4 

county: Yolo FICE Identification: 010229 

Telephone (916) 758-0470 Entity Number: 1-94- 174-6464-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 167 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees:. 51,960 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 Chancellor Hr. Dennis Banks 

02 President Nr. Steve Baldi 

06 Registrar Mrs. Mildred Frazier 

32 Doan Stdnt Serv-Actg Acad Dean Mr. Carlos Cordero 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr, Alan Frazier 

07 Dir of Admissions and Records. Miss Annazel Loufas 


DEEP SPRINGS COLLEGE 

Deep Springs, Via Dyer Nv 89010 Congressional District: 18 
County: Inyo PICE Identification; 001194 

Telephone + Entity Humber; 1-87-023-8728-A1 

Established 1917 4 K ®" 

Enrollment: 21 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; 50 

Control: Independent Nonprofit other 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 4 

Program: 2- Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ „ . 

01 Dean and Director Chris H. Breiseth 

04 Associate Dean..-.. John E. Havby 

10 Assoc Dir of Operations......... ToB Payoe 

06 Associate Dean Sharon Schuman 

07 Assistant Dean... David Schuman 

+' 7 1 4 Diep“prings 2 Toll Station Bishop, California 


4 DOMI NIC AN COLLEGE OP SAN RAFAEL 

San Rafael 94901 
County: Marin 
Telephone (415) 457-' 
Established 1889 
Enrollment: 645 
Control: Indepanden 



Highest Offerings naster'3 

Prograe: Liberal Arts ana General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P ro £es3iocal 
Accreditation: HC 

01 President.. Sr. H- Sanuel Conlan 

05 Dean of the College Sr. M. Aquinas Waltz 

10 Treasurer.... - Sr. Ii. Alicia Lechner 

06 Registrar Sr. N. George De lorimier 

32 Dean stdnt Services Mrs. Margaret Burk-Dietrich 

30 Director of Developnent Hr. Jack K. Wellman 

07 Dean of Adnissions Mr. Charles V. Lavaroni 

00 Librarian... Sr. H. Marguerite stanka 

09 Director Institutional Studies Sr. M. Anita Healy 

27 Director of Public Information Mrs. Susan C. Shea 

29 Exec Sec Alumni Association Sr. M. Patricia Lyons 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hiss Mary Ann Klancer 

15 Director Personnel Services Mrs. Jean Stasek 

51 Director of Cont Education Mrs. Carmencita Grant 


DOMINICAN SCHOOL OF PHILOSOPHY A HD THEOLOGY 

2401 Bidge Road, Berkeley 94709 Congressional District: 0 

County: Alameda F3CE Identification: 001296 

Telephone (415) 049-2030 Entity Number: 1-94-127-0354- A1 

Established 1932 Coed 

Enrollment: 76 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,500 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Lover Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: HC, THEOL 

01 President.............. V Rev. Antoninus Nall 

05,-Acadeoic Dean V Rev. Janko zagar 

06 Registrar Mrs. Joan Anthenien 

04 Business Manager Hr. David Fregeau 

DON . BO SCO TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

1151 H San Gabriel Blvd, Rosemead 91770 

Congressional District: 30 
County: Los Angeles F1CE Identification: 009158 

Telephone (213) 200-0451 Entity Number: 1-95-186-0996-A1 

Established 1955 Men 

Enrollaent: 298 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,550 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terninal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HO 

01 President Hev. William P. Schafer 

25 Director Corporate Affairs Mr. Louis T. Gilbertson 

05 Dean of Acadeaic Affairs Hr. Bill L. Rice 

10 Asst to Pres Financial Affairs Bro. Anthony B. Hatse 

32 Dean Stdnt personnel services Mr. Donald A. Renner 

33 Dean of Student Affairs., Bro. Gene H. Mylan 

0B librarian Sr. Hary Jean £ . Shields 

04 Asst to Pres Industry Affairs Br. George H. Ghiselli 

36 Curriculum Coordinator.. He. Robert J. Currie 

72 Coord of Technology Affairs Hr. Robert F. Sullivan 

♦BL CAMIN0 COLLEGE 

16007 Crenshaw Blvd, Torrance 90506 

Congressional District: 31 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001197 

Telephone (213) 532-3670 Entity Number: 1-95-600-1060-A1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollments 26,42 6 

Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees <In*State) : $0 
control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terninal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: H4, MAC, rad, RSTH 

01 President....... Dr. stuart E. Harsee 

!« e President £cc instruction Dr. San Schaueraan 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. Harold L. Throop Jr. 

32 Vice Pres Student Personnel Mr, Merl F. Sloan 

11 nf ° ^““seling...... Dr. David w. Jordan 

06 Dean of Adnissions and Records Dr. Leo N. Christian 

33 Dean of student Affairs. ........ * ..... . dc, Henry p Kirk III 

09 Assoc Dean Res-Systeo Analyst. Dr. Jerry c. Garlock 

U ®ff ec£oE of Public Information......... Mrs. Mary Ann Keating 

1.5 Dean Personnel Administration Dr. John B. Renley 

36 Assoc Dean Coop Ed £ Placement Cr. Anthony L. Thele 

37 Director of Financial Aids .. .... Ht . Jack H oover 

66 Associate Dean of Hursing Hiss Margaret G. Brant 

72 Dean Industry and Technology Hr. Joseph s. Dzida 

50 Dean of Business Education Dr. a. Cline Durfey 

54 Dean Engr and Mathematics... ..... Dr. Henry Mansfield Jr. 

55 Dean of Natural Sciences..., tr. carl S. Meadows 

9 Dean of Social Sciences ..... Dr, Wallace E. Good 

8 Dean of Phy Ed and Athletics........... D f. James P. Schwartz 

7 Dean of Fine Arts Dc. Lewis E. Hiigel 


ttssnius iNsmuic ut ahu nciicMANUibiHU 

818 West 7th street, Los Angeles 90017 

Congressional District: 24 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 0 1 1 1 ■* 2 

Telephone (213) 624-1200 Entity Number: 1-95-270-0597-A1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,774 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,300 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Cut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: HJ, IFIDER, JRCB 

01 President Mrs. Tonlan Thomas liohberg 

26 Director Public Relations Ms. Gerry Bremer 

36 Director Student Placement Mrs. Laura Soloff 

03 Executive Vice President Ms. Marlene K. Kau.ntz 

10 Financial Director Ms. Annie Johnson 

07 Exec Director of Admissions Mrs. Vivian Lovy 

06 Registrar Mr. Michael Gilbert 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Mrs. Karen Packs 

08 Director Library Services Ms. Kaycee Hale 

37 Director Student Finance Mrs. Noreen Fuller 


♦FIELDING INSTITUTE 

226 East De La Guerra, Santa Barbara 93101 

Congressional District: 19 
County: Santa Barbara PICE Identification: 029092 

Telephone (805) 963-6601 Entity Humber: 1 -95-280-2724 -A1 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 314 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: awe 

01 President ^ Dr. Frederic M . Hudson 

03 Executive vice President Mr. Hallock Hoffman 

06 Registrar Ms. Elizabeth Porinah 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Donna Lucci 

53 Dir Doctoral Progs Education Dr. Renata Tesch 

F00THILL-DE ANZA COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦SYSTEM 0PFICE 

12345 El Monte Road, Los Altos Hills 94022 

Congressional District: 12 
county: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 009020 

Telephone (415) 948-6590 Entity Number: 1-94-159-77 10-A2 

01 Chancellor Dr. Thomas W. Fryer Jc. 

10 Actg Dir of Business Services Mr. Milford A. Leal 

15 Dir Educ Serv and Personnel Mr. Donaia II. Ewing 

14 Manager of Data Services Mr. Kenneth Higgins 

75 Asst Dir Technical Education Dr. Robert H. Walker 

♦ ♦DE ANZA COLLEGE 

21250 Stevens Creek Blvd, Cupertino 95014 

Congressional District: 13 
County: Santa Clara PICE Identification: 004480 

Telephone (408) 996-4567 Entity Number: 1 -94-159-77 18-A 1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollaent: 21,119 

Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (In-State) : tC 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: tiJ, ptaa 

02 President Dr. A. Robert Dehart 

03 Executive Dean Dr. Thomas H. Clements 

15 Dean of Adminv Services................ Dr. Richard D. Wright 

06 Dean of Student Services..... Hr. Donald A. Perata 

08 Dean of Instructional Services.. Mr. George w. Sloan 

38 Dean of Activities Me. Donall Hogan 

56 Dean of Extended Campus Dr. Florin L. Caldwell 

53 Dean of Special Education Mr. Richard F. Charles 

49 Dean of Humanities Dr. Barbara Reid 

54 Dean of Sciences Dr . Richard B. Kent 

50 Dean App & Behavioral Science.... Hr. Oscar s. Ramirez 

+*F00THILL COLLEGE 

12345 El Monte Road, Los Altos Hills 94022 

_ . „ . , Congressional District: 12 

county: Santa Clara FICE Identification; OOH99 

Telephone (415) 948-8590 Entity Number: 1-94- 159-7718-A2 

Established 1950 Coed 

Enrollment: 14,413 

„ , , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 

control: State/Local Quarter 



♦GAVILAN COLLEGE 


Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Ptog tarn: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; WJ, #ADVET, BA, Dll, RAD, RTT 

02 President Dr. Japes S. Fitzgerald 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Harold Soger 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Harry I. Bradley 

00 Chief Librarian Mrs. Betty Kevin 

37 Financial Aids Officer. Hr. John Bostic 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Hr. Ralph H. Lee 


FRANCISCAN SCH COL OF TIIEOLCG Y 

1712 Euclid Avenue, Berkeley 94709 Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 011792 

Telephone (415) 048-5232 Entity Humber: 1-94-17U-5605-A 1 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 120 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Raster's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: DC, TI1E0L 

01 President and Dean.... Dr. Kenan D. Osborne 

06 Registrar Hrs. Ida T. Thornton 

08 Librarian.. Dr. Hichael Guinan 

32 Assistant Dean...., Dr. Joseph Chinnici 

10 Comptroller Vacant 

FRESNO PACIPIC COLLEGE 

1717 S Chestnut Avenue, Fresno 93702 

Congressional District: 17 
County: Fresno PICE Identification; 001253 

Telephone (209) 251-7194 Entity Number: 1-94-102-1164-A1 

Established 1944 Coed 

Enrollment: 733 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,171 

Affiliation: Hennonite Brethren Church Quarte; 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NC 

01 President Hr. Edmund Jaozen 

05 Dean Acad Aff-Actg Bus Manager Br. Dalton Reiner 

06 Registrar. Mrs. Adina Schmidt 

00 Librarian Hr. Adonijah Pauls 

32 Student Life coordinator Hr. Gary Nachtigall 

30 Counseling Coordinator Hrs. Carol Enns 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Kervin Boschaan 

26 Director of Graphic Services Mr. Alden H. Evert 

09 Student Ministries Coordinator....... Hr. John Past 

33 Dir of College Advancement Hr. Lovell Evert 

+PULLBR THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

135 North Oakland, Pasadena 91101 Congressional District: 22 
County: Los Angele3 FICE Identification: 001200 

Telephone (213) 449-1745 Entity Number: 1-95-169-939U-A1 

Established 1947 

Enrollment: 2,394 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program; Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: WC, CLPSY, THBOL 

01 President Dr. David A. Hubbard 

05 Provost »r. Glenn w. Darker 

00 Director of the Library.. Dr. Calvin R. schoonhoyen 

10 Director of Business Affairs...- - Mr. Lee Herritt 

30 Director of Development Hr. Frederick W. Mintz 

45 Asst Provost Academic Planning - Dr. Walter C. Wright 

32 Director of Student Services Hr. Cecil H. Robeck 

27 Director of Publications. Hr. Hugh L. James 

36 Director student Placement Dr. Gloryanna Hess 

06 Registrar - ««• E * 

73 Dean of Theology Dr * P 1 

58 Dean of Psychology Dr. Neil C. Warren 


FULLERTON COLL EG B 


Fullerton 92634 Congressional District: 39 

county; Orange FICB Identification: 001201 

Telephone (714) 871-8000 Entity Number: 1-95-239-4131-A2 

Established 1913 Coea 

Enrollment; 18,189 . . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) . $20 
Control; State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ _ u 

01 President..- Dr. Philip w. Borst 

32 Dean of Student Development........ Dr. Richard _?* JV^ates 

10 Dean Administrative Services....... • Er * 

08 Associate Dean Library Center Hrs. Shirley B. Bosen 


5055 Santa Teresa Blvd, Gilroy 95020 

Congressional District: 13 
County: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 001202 

Telephone (408) 047-1400 Entity Humber: 1-94-602-0929-A1 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,896 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $18 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. Rudolph Melons 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. William Feimal 

10 Dean Administrative Services Dr. Donald K. Spellman 

32 Dean student Support Services Mr. Donald Klein 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Ms. Cheri Bishop 

08 Head Librarian Ms. Kathryn Young 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Ms. Lila Madson 

26 Public Relations officer Mrs. Charlene Arnberg 

15 Personnel Officer Hr. Alan Foden 

56 Dir Science-Physical Ea-Health Mr. Bud Ottmar 

57 Director Humanities Division Mr. Kent Child 

50 Dir Social-Business Sciences Mr. Mark Levine 

51 Dir continuing Education Hr. Charles Powell 


GLENDALE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1500 North Verdugo Road, Glendale 91208 

Congressional District: 22 

County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001203 

Telephone (213) 240-1000 Entity Humber: 1-95-246-7667-A1 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment; 8,631 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $20 

Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. John A. Grande 

10 Finance Manager Hr. Alan Webster 

05 Adainv Dean Instruction Vacant 

32 ASminv Dean Student Personnel Dr. John A. Davitt 

07 Dean Admissions and Records Mr. Dvain o. Reinbolt 

38 Dean Guidance and Counseling Dr. Harold B. Cochrane 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. william J. strange 

33 Dean of Student Activities Mr. J. Walter Smith 

34 Dean Stdnt Support Services Mrs. Patricia A. Lienhard 

51 Adminv Dean Cont Education He. N. Arthur Basmuson 

75 Dean of Career Education Hr. Griffin R. McKay 

GOLDEN GATE BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 
Strawberry Point, Mill Valley 94941 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Karin FICE Identification: 001204 

Telephone (415) 388-8080 Entity Humber: 1-94- 129-491 8- A1 

Established 1944 j c °*“ 

Enrollment: 571 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: Pirst Professional; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WC, THEOL 

01 President. Dr. William H. Pimson Jr. 

06 Registrar "iss Foster 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. w. Morgan Patterson 

08 Librarian «*• cecil 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. Bugene V. England 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. Stanton H. Nash 

32 Dean of students...... Hr. Robert L. Cannon 


GOLDEN GATE UHIVBRSITY 

536 Mission street, San Francisco 94105 , 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 001 205 

Telephone (415) 442-7409 Entity Number: 1-94-158-5735-A 

Established 1901 , ' a „ 

Enrollment: 9,567 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,080 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate _ . , . 

program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 
Accreditation: WC , LAW, HRA 

01 President Dr. Otto W. Butz 

07 Dean of Admissions .jj. «*>• roldV^otf 

00 College Librarian.... ............ - Mc * H«old * OTt 


s&uxauu. 


32 Dean o t Students He. Patrick ?. O'Brien 

26 Dean of Public Affairs Dc. Randy Hamilton 

36 Director of Placaae nt. Hrs. Arvilla P. Saligman 

27 Director of Public Information.. (It. Jay Goyatte 

IS Personnel Manager... • ••• Hts. Joy E. Wiley 

25 Mgr Adminv serv ices-Purchasing Hr. Smith D. Hicks 

37 Director Student Pinatcial Aid Hr. Paul Jain 

U 9 Dean University College..... Dr. Jaaes B. Uaphrey 

61 Dean of the School of law...* Hrs. Judith G. HcKelvey 

50 Dean of the School of Business Dr. George If. Boulvare 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies........... Hr. Allen J. Zabn 


GRADUATE THEOLOGICAL UNION 

2465 Le Conte Avenue, Berkeley 94709 

Congressional District: 0 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001207 

Telephone 1*4 15) 841-9811 Entity timber: 1-94-158-17Q7-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Emollient: 377 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control: Independent nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate: Ho Undergraduates 
Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: WC, THEOt 

0 1 President and Dean Dr. Claude Welch 

08 Director of the library Rev. John D. Baker-Batsel 

30 Vice President for Development Rev. A. Neil Housewright 

06 Registrar and Assistant Dean.. (lrs. Elizabeth K. Over 


GFOSSK ONT COLLEGE 

8800 Grossaont College Dr, El Cajon 92020 

Congressional District: 43 
County: San Diego PICE Identification: 00120B 

Telephone (714) 465-1700 Entity Number: 1- 95-600-6652-A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollnent: 12,470 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $9 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Wear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ, ABHOR, DA, RSTH 

01 Superintendent Hr. Walter A. Yuhl 

02 President Dr. Ivan L. Jones 

10 Asst Superintendent Business Dc. Andrew A. Peterson 

3 B Dean of Guidance Services Ns. Del H. Anderson 

33 Dean of Student Activities Nr. Erv P. Netzgar 

34 Director of Special Services Ns. Terry K. Volz 

07 Dir of Admissions and Records Dr. Jerry 1. Buapert 

09 Dir Research and Development Dr. Edward L, Krehbiel 

05 Vice Pres fer Instrl Services Hs. Trudy G. Hill 

32 Vice Pres Student Pecs Service......... Dr. Samuel h. Ciccati 

68 Dean Phy Ed-Recr- Athle tics ... Hr. Les W. Phillips 

55 Director of Evening Prograos Hr. Cornelius Vander Poll 

57 Dean Fine Arts and Humanities Hr. Kenneth H. Nobilette 

50 Dean Bus and Public Services Hr. C. A. Paul 

66 Dean Health-Biological Science Mr. Richard C. Nellien 

49 Dean Hath-Phystcal Sciences Dr. Linda Salter 

60 Dean of Communication Arts Dr. Elaine fi. HcLevie 

70 Dean Social-Behavioral Science Dr. Carl G. Clark 

62 Director of Learning resources Dr. Thomas 0. Poster 

51 Dean of Conaunity Education Er. Eugene A. Farrar 

HARTHELL COLLEGE 

156 Homestead Avenue, Salinas 93901 

Congressional District: 16 
County: Honterey PICE Identification: 001209 

Telephone (408) 758-8211 Entity Number: 1 -94-600-2544-A4 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollaent: 6,a?8 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fee s (In-S tate) ; $0 
Control; State/Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-fear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 Superintendent-President Dr . G ibb R , BadseD 

05 Dean of Instruction » E . Larry Elder 

10 Business Manager......... Vacant 

06 Assoc Dean-Dir Lrng Resrc ctr „ 8 . Haher 

32 Dean of Student Personnel.... Mr. Jose Ba4ci g aX 

38 Assoc Dean Student Personnel. Dr. n utb S g lf 

37 Dean of Management Services....... Dr. Victor s. willits 

06 Registrar Bs . tacy HcKenzie 

04 Affirmative Action Coordinator. nr. David Serena 
16 Car ctr-placeasnt Coordinator... Hr. Eric Hoik 

4 Director of Computing Services Hr. Rod Frese 

5 Assoc Dean Instr Bve and Sums Hs. LucinSi Hooney 

' Assoc Dean App Hlth-Pam Stdies Hiss Barbara Palmerton 

1 Assoc Dean Occup Education Hr. John Totten 

i Assoc Dean Rub and Soc Science..... Dc. Hanuel Rivera 

Assoc Dean Aerie Math G Sci. Mr. John sHh uoi 


+BSALD ENGINEERING COLLEGE 

1215 Van Ness Avenue, San Francisco 94109 

Congressional District: 
County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 0012 

Telephone (415) 441-5555 Entity Number; 1-00-031-3704- 

Established 1863 C< 

Enrollaent: 756 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,1 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quart 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 year Baccalaureate 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Profession! 

Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President Dc * James Dei 

03 Executive Vice President He. Hoy O. Hi 

36 Placement Director Hiss Lori R< 

05 Director-Dean of Instruction Mr. Timothy 0. Kn! 

10 Business Manager Mrs. Drina Marine: 

08 Librarian Hiss Kathy Katteui 

07 Admissions Officer Hr. Thomas Eastwi 

72 Asst Dean of Instruction Hr. Dennis J. Do) 


+H0LY FAMILY COLLEGE 

43151 Mission Blvd, Mission San Jose 94538 

Congressional District: 

County: Alaoeda PICE Identification: 012: 

Telephone (415) 651-1639 Entity Number: 1 -94-607-4048' 

Established 1946 NO! 

Enrollment: 116 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; II,: 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semesl 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lower 
Division 

Program: liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Sr. Jeanette Ke! 

06 Registrar Sr. Vivian Wat< 

08 Librarian Sr. Patricia Witti 

10 Correspondence Officer Mrs. Maryann Venti 

05 Dean Sr. Elizabeth Hun 


HOLY NAMES COLLEGE 

3500 Mountain Boulevard, Oakland 94619 

Congressional District 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001 

Telephone (415) 436-0111 Entity Number: 1-94-135-0307 

Established 1B68 C< 

Enrollment: 628 Undergraduate luition and Fees: $3,: 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Somes^ 

Highest Offering: Hester's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HC, HUS 

01 President • Sr, Irene Woodwi 

05 Dean for Academic Affairs........ Mrs. Velma Richmi 

10 Treasurer Sr. Marguerite K: 

32 Dean of Students < Sr. Carol Nick 

06 Registrar Mrs. Haryalyce J. Can 

08 Librarian Sr. Helen C. Ilov'i 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Ed Schoenb' 

29 Director Alumni Association Mrs. (forma Cab: 

36 Director Student Placement Mrs. Jane Ka 

03 Vice President Administration..... Mr. Kevin Di: 

37 Director of Financial Aid Sr. Kathleen Buzi 

HUMANISTIC PSYCHOLOGY INSTITUTE 

325 Ninth Street, San Francisco 94103 ' 

Congressional District 
County; San Francisco FICE Identification: 029 

Telephone (415) 626-4494 Entity Number: 1-94-215-5109 

Established 1970 C 

Enrollment; 151 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees! 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimea 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates : 

Program: Professional 
Accreditation: avc 

nc Fresident Dr. Donald Polkingho 

05 Dean for Acad Administration Dr. Verona Fo 

10 Financial Officer.. Mr. Charles Ni 

Vi AaD * n an* Oir Admis... ’. Ms. Judith Lo 

11 In£o " Flnan Aia Officer Hg. Linda Co 

♦HUMPHREYS COLLEGE i 

6650 Inglewood street, Stockton 95207 5 

County: San Joaguin 

sErtiSwf 1896 478 *® 800 B " tity NUabeCi 



37 


CALIFORNIA 


Enrollment: 395 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,679 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Hears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelors; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President......... John R. Humphreys 

02 Vice President Robert G. fluophceys 

10 Fiscal Officer Ruth E. oranyan 

37 Director Financial Aid Ray Drown 

36 Director Student Placement Ardith Harrison 


Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: VC, THEOL 

01 President....... Rev. Richard A. Hill 

10 Treasurer Rev. John J. perlite 

06 Registrar Hrs. Elizabeth K. Over 

08 Librarian. Rev. John Batsel 

05 Acting Dean....... Fev. Michael L. Cook 


JOHN F. KENNEDY UNIVERSITY 


IMPERIAL VALLEY COLLEGE 

Highway 111 6 Aten Rd, Imperial 92251 

Congressional District: 43 
County: Imperial FICE Identification: 001214 

Telephone (7 14) 352-8320 Entity Number: 1-95.-600-6350-At 

Established 1922 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,000 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : $20 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNUR 

01 President and Superintendent Dr. Dan Angel 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. John A. De Paoli 

05 Vice Pres Academic Services Dr. Dale Gates 

30 Vice Pres Student Services Mr. Dean A. Leptich 

10 Vice Pres Business Services Hr. William J. Thornburg 

38 Dean of Counseling Services Hr. Hector Lopez 

32 Dir Stdnt Life and Cmty Serv. Hr. Terry Morris 

37 Dir Finan Assistance-Placement Hr. Alfonso Wilson 

00 Dean of Learning Services Hr. Stanley E. Alberda 

55 Dean of Evening College..... Dr. James D. Walker 

56 Dean of External Campus, Hr. Reuben Lopez 

75 Dean of Vocational Education Hr. William Rudolph 

71 Dir Physically Limited Serv Hr. Helvin Wendrick 

INDIAN VALLEY COLLEGES 

1000 Ignacio Doulevard, Novato 94947 

congressional District: 5 
county: Marin FICE Identification: 011730 

Telephone (415) 883-2211 Entity Number: 1-94-602- 2431-A4 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,061 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 

Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Ms. Constance Carroll 

05 Dean of Ed Student Services Hr. Donald Green 

08 Dean of Learning Resources Ms. Ann Coder 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms. Elaine Overton 

06 Admissions and Records of fleer. Hr. Pamela Mize 

27 pub Info-Publications Officer Mr. Ronald Treleven 

49 Dean College Arts-Hunanities. « . . Hr. Victoria Vieira 

70 Dean Col of Soc-Behav Science Hr. Gerald Burton! 

65 Dean Col Nat-Phyelcal Sciences Ms. Harie Smith 

+INTER NATIONAL COLLEGE 

1019 Gayley Avenue, Los Angeles 90024 

Congressional District: 23 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 010385 

Telephone (213) 477-6761 Entity Number: 1-95-628-2874- A1 

Established 1970 , j a 

Enrollment: 318 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,62U 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC , „ _ ,, 

01 President °r. Pa “l ?• Pcoehl 

05 Dean of the Faculty Hr. Hilton Hayer 

06 Registrar «*»• Charlotte Metz 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Cornelia H. Leavitt 

10 Associate Dean Dr. Norman Bleicher 

58 Dean of the College Dr. Linden G. Leavitt 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Hr. Helvin suhd 

♦ JESUIT SCHOOL OF TRB0L0GY 

1735 Leroy Avenue, Berkeley 94709 Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICB Identification: 010333 

Telephone (415) 841-8004 Entity Nuaber; 1-94-115-6462-A1 

Established 1934 

Enrollment: 270 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $0 


12 Altarinda Road, Orinda 94563 Congressional District: 8 

County: Contra costa FICE Identification: oouuan 

Telephone (415) 254-0200 Entity Humber: 1 -94 - i 61-069 U - A 1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment; 1,031 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,472 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Lower Division 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Dr. Robert M. Fisher 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Liela ft. Rumbaugh 

03 Vice Pres Stdnt Serv 6 Admin Hrs. Lind M. Higgins 

04 Asst to Pres-Finan Planning Dr. Janes A. Hall 

30 Vice president Mr. Gerald J. Skibbins 

08 Librarian Ms. Margaret Hadderman 

06 Registrar Ms. Georgia L. Morrison 

07 Admissions Director Hs. Jane Fieri 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms. Kathleen Williams 

49 Dean School of General Studies Dr. Stephen C. Scholl 

61 Dean of School of Law Hr. Charles E. Glasser 

50 Dean of school of Management Hr. John H. Stanford 

58 Dean Grad Sch Prof Psychology Dr. Ronald N, Levinson 

LAKE TAHOE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P O Box 14445, S Lake Tahoe 95702 Congressional District: 14 
County: El Dorado FICE Identification: 012907 

Telephone (916) 541-4660 Entity Humber: 1-94-231-71 14-A1 

Established 1975 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,084 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) s $0 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. James W. Duke 

05 Dean of the College Dr. George S. Ticknor 

10 Business Manager..... Hr. Kirk Avery 

06 Records and Admissions officer... Mrs. Ruth J. Knobbs 

08 Dir Learning Research Center Hr. William F. Scoble 

38 Assoc Dean Student Services Mr. Roger Welt 

51 Director of Community Services Hs. Kerry F. Campbell 


LASSEN COLLEGE 

Highway 139, Susanville 96130 congressional District: 1 

County: Lassen FICE Identification: 001217 

Telephone (916) 257-6181 Entity Number: 1-94-216-8371-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,791 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $20 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. Warren Sorenson 

05 Asst Supt of Instruction Dr. Terrance p. Brown 

32 Asst Supt of Student Services Dr. Roger Anderson 

37 Director of Financial Aids..... Hr. Ned Doffoney 

10 Asst Supt of Business services Hr. Thomas H._Taylor 

00 Librarian Fuseli Rose 

06 Registrar Sa “ 

55 Associate Dean Instruction. Mr. Robert Shephera 

L. I. F. E. BIBLE COLLEGE 

1100 Glendale Boulevard, los Angeles 90026 

Congressional District; 25 

county: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 012630 

Telephone (213) 413-1234 Entity Number: 1-75- 122-4525-A1 

Established 1925 , , , „ 

Enrollment: 429 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,300 

Affiliation: Other Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
program: Professional 

Accreditation: BX • , t 

01 President ••••• Dr. Jack W. Hayford 



si Limm 


38 


03 Executive Vice President Rev. c ^ ac1 ®® B * 

05 Academic Administrator Dc- Do “ t ^ y , J * 

10 operations Manager e 2 C r^™no 

09 Special Presidential Assistant Or. si *; lta “ H ‘ 

06 Heaistrac Hcs - Bocoth ? °* HasBOn 

07 Director of College Relations Ht. Daniel A. Brcwn 

s ss: -f"™ 

34 Q ean of Women ^ev. Juanita P. Conger 

LINCOLN UNIVERSITY 

281 Masonic Avenue, San Francisco 94118 , 

Congressional District: 5 
County: San Francisco P3CE Identification: 006975 

Telephone (415) 221-1212 Entity Humber: 1-94-134-7042-A3 

Established 1919 _ „ 

Enrollment: 576 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 51,560 

control: Independent Nonprofit sanester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: liberal Arts ana General} Professional 
Accreditation: VC 

01 president... Dr. 2. Qarbara Jors.s 

03 Executive Vice President.. Dr. Arden K. Smith 

Ou Assistant to the President Hr. Luke A. Calsius 

05 Vice President Dt * Luke T. Chang 

06 Regstr Ondergrad-Grad studies Mr. Eichard Caap 

08 Librarian Hrs. Paciencia L. Balonon 

50 Dean Ondergrad-Grad Studies..... Ilr. Clarence V. Sippel 

61 Dean School of lav hr. John Coker 


L0HA LINDA UNIVERSITY 

Loia linda 92350 Congressional District: 37 

County: San Bernardino F1CE Identification: 001218 

Telephone (714) 796-7311 BDtity Number: 1-95-1 B1-6009-A1 

Established 1905 Coed 

Enrollaent: 5,283 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $4,125 

Affiliation: Seventh-Day Adventists Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Progcaa: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's} Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: VC, ADNGfi, ANEST, APCP, DA, DENT, IDH, DIET, 

SED, HFCD, BRA, AT, NKT , NUB, 0T, PD, PTA, RAD, RSTB, RTT, 

SN 

01 Prosident Dr. V. Norskov Olsen 

00 Provost for La Sierra Caupus Dr. R . Dale He cune 

05 Vice pres Acad Administration - . Dr. Norman J. Wood3 

10 Vice Pres Pinan Administration........... Hr. V. John Blacker 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs Hr. Tracy R. Teele 

30 Vice Pce3 Pub Hel-Develop went. ......... .. Hr. Edvard C. Nines 

07 Dir of Admissions and Records...... Dr. Arno Kutzner 

08 Director of Libraries Hiss Alice E. Gregg 

38 Director of Counseling.. Dr. Ronald Drayson 

49 Dean of Arts and sciences... Dr. Pern Andress 

53 Dean of Education..... Dr. Willard il. Heier 

63 Dean of Medicine.. Dr. G. Gordon Hadley 

52 Dean of Dentistry.... Dr. Judson Klooster 

69 Dean of Health... Dr. Andrew P. HaynaL 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Marilyn J. Christian 

72 Dean Allied Health Professions... Dr. Ivor C. Woodward 

58 Dean Graduate School Dr. Maurice D. Hod gen 

73 Dean Division of Religion Dr. Kenneth L. Vine 

♦LONG BEACH CITY COllBGE 

4901 East Carson Street, Long Beach 90008 

Congressional District; 34 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001219 

Telephone (213) 420-4111 Entity Nuaber: 1-95-265-4140- A1 

Established 1927 . Coed 

Enrollaent: 28,326 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 8ut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's;- 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNOR, DA, RAC, RSTH 

01 President. — . Dr. Prank C. Pearce 

05 Vice Pres for Acad Affairs Dr. Stephen K. Epler 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Pars Services Dr. Beverly I. O'Neill 

10 Vice Pres Business Services «r. Bennett A. Long 

14 Data Processing Sarv Manager Hr. Janes A. Angell 

26 Dir Community Development Mr. William C. Barnes 

08 librarian Dr. John E. Geyer 

38 Dean Counseling stdnt Services Hr. Thomas R. Lyon 

06 Dean Admissions and Records Dr. Michael L. Haas 

56 Dean of Extension Caapuses Mr. Keith E. Roberts 

51 Dean of Continuing Education............ Dr. Richard L. Jones 

66 Dean Nursing Technology-Health........... Ms. Martha 0. Drage 

75 Dean Occupational Educatipn Mr. Lester A. Harris 


LOS ANGELES BAPTIST COLLEGE 

Placorita Canyon Road, Newhall 91322 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001220 

Telephone (805) 259-3540 Entity Number: 1 -95-600- 1907-U 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: 388 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees; $2,900 

Affiliation: Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HC 

01 President.. Or. John R. Dunktn 

05 Dean of the College Dr. John P. stead 

10 Business Manager Mr. Edward Stanley 

06 Registrar Hr. Thomas H. Price 

08 Librarian..... Hiss Agnes Holt 

33 Dean of Students Hr. R . H. MacKey 

34 Dean of women Hiss Deborah Corona 

36 student Procurement Director Mr. Richard s. Koolo 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Marilyn stucky 

LOS ANGELES COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

920 East Broadway, Glendale 91205 Congressional District: 22 
county: Los Angoles FICE Identification: 001229 

Telephone (213) 240-7606 Entity Number: 1 -95-094-8050-A1 

Established 1911 Coot) 

Bnrollnent: 716 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional} Ho Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: CD I HO 

01 President Dr. B. Maylon Drake 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Tuan A. Tran 

03 Executive Vice Prosident Dr. Hatthav M . Givcad 

04 Vice Pres Chirprctc Education Dr. Robert B. Jackson 

30 vice President Development Mr. Robert |(. Heinbaugh 

32 Dean of student Affairs Dr. Dennis E. Spurgln 

08 Chief Librarian-Media Ms. Robin t. Lobec 

06 Registrar Hr. Robert R . Ran 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Douglas Hurray 

58 Dean of Postgraduate Studies Dr. - Stanton Clark 

LOS ANGELES COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
♦♦SYSTEM OPPICE 

617 Vest 7th Street, Los Angeles 90017 

Congressional District: 27 
County: Los Angeles FICE identification: 001221 

Telephone (213) 628-7700 Entity Number: 1-92-258-7353*11 

01 Chancellor Dr. Leslie Koltai 

05 vice Chanc Educ Services Dr. John T. HcCiien 

15 Vice Chanc Personnel Services......... Mr. Hilliam H. Spaotar 

10 Vice chanc Adminv Services Mr. Eugene Piaental 

25 Controller Mr. Thomas Failo 


♦♦EAST LOS ANGELES COLLEGE 

1301 Brooklyn Avo, Monterey Park 91754 

Congressional District: 25 
County: Los Angeles FICF, Identification: 001222 

Telephone (213) 265-8650 Entity Number: 1 -95- 170-0745-A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 15,845 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) i $0 
control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ, KRT, RSTH 

02 President Hr. Arthur Avila 

10 chief Fiscal Officer Hr. Sam Seno 

08 Coordinator of Library Mr. Frederic H. Blissort 

45 Dean Administrative Services Mr. Donald El. Brunet 

26 Public Information Director Mrs. Esther Renteria 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Gabriel Nobles 

32 Coord of Student Activities. Hr. George S. Aron 

33 Dean of Student Services.. Mr. Hanuol Rongulllo 

36 Placement Coordinator Mr. Louis J. Azavodo 

09 Ac tg Coord Instnl Research Mr. Steven rt. Sachs 

06 Asst Dean of Admissions Dr. Roberto Almanza 

38 Actg Chrprsn Dept Counseling Mr. Frank Gutierrez 

37 Coordinator of Financial Aids Mr. Ililario RozadUla 

48 Dept Head of Architecture Mr. Robert T* Neisa 

50 Dept chairman of Business Hr. Gilbert Rosas 

59 Dept Head Fan-Consumer Stdies Hra. Renee D. Hartinez 

60 Dept Head of Journalism..... Ms. Jean A. Staploton 

64 Department Chairman of Music.... Mr. Henry D. Cobos 

65 Dept chairman of Anthropology Hr. John L. Grant 

66 Dept Chairperson of Nursing........ Mrs. Margaret D. Richards 

68 Dept Chairperson Phy Ed-Hen.... Mr. Robert L. Hertei 



39 


.CALIFORNIA 


+*105 ANGELES CITY COLLEGE 

055 North Vermont Avenue, los Angeles 90029 

Congressional District: 29 
County: I.os Angeles FICE Identification: 001223 

Telephone (213) 663-9191 Entity Humber: 1-95-258-7353-A2 

Established 1929 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,407 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Out Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADHUR, DA, DT , RAD 

02 President Dr. Stelle Feuers 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Paul Whalen 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. James N. Cox 

10 Dean of Educational Services... Dr. Robert V. Bacon 

00 Asst Dean Library Services Hr. Harry C. Stone 


+ *LOS ANGELES HARBOR COLLEGE 

1111 Figueroa Place, Wilmington 90744 

Congressional District: 32 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001224 

Telephone (213) 510-1000 Entity Number: 1-92-258-7 353-A3 

Established 19 49 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,407 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: VJ 

02 President... Hr. Edward w. Robings 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Jack E. Smith 

15 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Dr. Clarence Norris 

07 Asst Dean Adrais and Guidance -• Hr. Vincent Hottola 

26 communication Officer Hr. Ralph Oliver 

30 Asst Doan Plan and Cmty Rel Dr. Helen c. Edwards 

37 Coordinator Financial Aid Hr. Antonio Q. Sarinana 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Hs. Jeanne T. Landis 

10 Dean Administative Services Dr. J. Quentin Mason 

08 Coord Lrng Assistance Center Dr. Robert F. Myers 

33 Coord Evening and outreach Dr. Donald R. culton 

34 Coordinator Student Affairs Dr. Irene Goolsby 

45 Asst Dean of Instruction Mrs. Sally O. Gay 

71 Div Chairperson Technology Mr. Joe Goss Jr. 

55 Assistant Dean Instruction • 1 Nr - p ° be * 

50 Division Chairman Business Mr. Robert G. Wrenn 

57 Division Chairman Humanities. Mr. Robert H. BilUngs 

65 Div Chairperson Ufa Science Mrs. Beverly «• Shue 

66 Div Chrprsn Nursing 6 Home Mrs ‘„? ar ? ! ~ 

68 Div Chairperson Phy Education • Mr. Floyd "* 

70 Div chrprsn Bfihav Science Mrs. Jo Rae T. Zuc *®**“" 

75 Coord Vocational Education p ! 

54 Division chrprsn Phy Sci-Engr Mrs. Shirley K.Tendick 

49 Division Chrprsn Mathematics, Hr. ^anzon 

60 Division Chrprsn Communic ation. . . . . " rs * J ? a "i 

51 coord of Community Services Mr. Michael Gegna 

♦LOS ANGELES MISSION COLLEGE 

1212 s san Fernando Road, San Fernando^ «J« lonal District: 21 

County: Los Angeles /ICE Identification: 012550 

Telephone (213) 365-8271 Entity Number: 1-95-258 7353 A3 

Established 1974 u 

Enrollment: 2,781 Dn(lQi; g taduate tuition and Fees (In-State) : JO 

Control: State/Local Semes er 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 rear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 

WJ Dr. Alfred Fernandez 

02 y _ ri ,r1n4 Maya 

05 Acting Dean of instruction.... „* n*inh Tavloe 

07 Dean Administrative services nr suth Rada 

32 Dean of Student Services., V Dr * Ruth Ea<la 

♦ ♦LOS ANGELES PIERCE COLLEGE 

6201 Winnetka Avenue, Woodland Hill8 c J’^ S6ional Dia trict: 23 
county: Los Angeles 

Telephone (213) 347-0551 Entity Number. 1-95 258 7353^5 

Established 1947 

Enrollment; 22 ' 37fl 0ftd aduate Tuition and Fees(in-State) : $0 

■ jGScStei 

Control: State/Local 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than « . r 2 . Yeac 

Program; Terainal occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Y a 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: WJ, ADNUR, ADVET, PTA A 

02 President Dr. Herbert Favetch 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Norman Chapman 

10 Dean of Educational Services Hr. William S. Ilorlund 

08 Coordinator Library Services.... Hr. William R. Hadden 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. Peter HacDougall 


♦♦LOS ANGELES SOUTHWEST COLLEGE 

1600 W Imperial Highway, Los Angeles 90047 

Congressional District: 31 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 007047 

Telephone (213) 777-2225 Entity Humber: 1-95-258-7353-AU 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,443 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 




.... Dr. Walter C, McIntosh 













15 

Asst Dean Educational Services.... 

Hr. Charles A. Miller 

























55 

Coord Instr-Eve Div-Outreach 

... Dr. Frank N. Wainwright 


♦♦LOS ANGELES TRADE-TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

400 W Washington Blvd, los Angeles 90015 

Congressional District: 25 
County: Los Angeles FICE Iden tificat io« : °° 1227 

Telephone (213) 746-0800 Entity Number: 1-95-17 1-6004 -A 1 

Established 1925 CobA 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $13 
Control: Local Semester 

Bighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: WJ 










William H. Mann 

32 



.. Dr. William G. Thomas 




06 




37 











OB 












55 








♦ *LOS ANGELES VALLEY COLLEGE 

5800 Pulton Avenue, Van Nuys 91401 2 , 

Congressional District, 

county: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001228 

Telephone (213) 781-1200 Entity Number: 1-92-258-7353 A2 

Established 1949 

Enrollment. ^undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $13 
control: State/local ernes 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, z-ieaL 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADN0R, RSTH Thurston 

02 President. - Dr> A “ ce Aliatol » aZ oc 

05 Dean of Instruction. • ” -rs Mary Lee 

10 Dean of Administrative * ; \ "niian lewis 

32 Dean Student Personnel • l ‘. E ; r ? 1 Si! lewis 

27 Asst Dean Community Service ■;* * . - Knapp 

08 Director of Library Services ISm Barnca?d 

36 Director Student Placement.... ®Lton Green 

37 Director student Financial Aid °J* Barn hart 

07 Director of Admissions..... Jc. E . ftaccy 

38 Director student counseling..... • matin Conover 

26 Director Public Information.. it. phvllis Stones 

30 Asst Dean College Development...... Mrs. Pny 



C£U£0M1&. 


.an. 


HE5T LOS ANGEL BS COLLSGB 

4800 Freshman Drive, Culver City 90230 

Congressional District: 28 
county: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 008596 

Telephone (213) 036-7110 Entity Number: 1-95-257-2665- A1 

Established 196B Coed 

Enroll sent: 11 ,03 3 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Leas Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, IPH 

02 President. Dr. Jack Fujiaoto 

05 Dean of Instruction nr. Robert Williams 

10 Dean of Adainistrative Serv Hr. George W. Young 

45 Asst Dean Adoinv Services Mr. Charles Brown 

07 Coordinator Admissions Hr. Jack lee 

08 Coordinator Library Services Hiss Frances G. Vella 

09 Coordinator Research d e , Stephen P. Schwartz 

37 Coordinator Financial Aids..., Dr. Donald Smith 

32 Dean Student Services .. dc. Stephen S. Kane 

27 Public Information officer Hr. Ralph Imnel 

3B Head Counselor...... Hrs. Katherine F. Hancusi 

75 Asst Dean Instr-Cac Education Mrs. Marilyn S. Brock 

51 Asst Dean Instr-Cmty Services Dr. Jacquelyn B. Ireland 

55 Coord Instruction-Evening Dr. Robert W. Essex III 

56 Assistant Dean Instruction Mrs. Hary Jo Reid 

53 Coordinator Instruction-Day Dr. Eugene Pels 

71 Dean Airport college Center Dr. Herbert zeitlin 


LOS RIOS COHHUNITY COLLEGE 
♦SYSTEM OPFICE 


1919 Spanos Court, Sacraaento 95825 


County: Sacraaento 
Telephone (9 16) 920-7861 

01 Chancellor. 

03 Assistant Chancellor 

10 Vice Chanc cf Administration.. 
05 Vice Chanc Res E4-Develop Serv 
15 Vice Chancellor cf Personnel.. 
32 Director of Student Personnel. 


Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification: 001231 
Entity Nuaber: 1-94-157-6340-A1 

Dr. Earl I. Klapstein 

Dr. Hare E. Hall 

- Mr. Ira s. Carter 

Hr. Owen S. Stewart 

Hr. Jerry E. Walker 

Hr. Robert B. Allerton 


•AMERICAN RIVER COtlEGE 


4700 College Oak Drive, 

County: Sacramentc 
Telephone (916) 464-0011 
Established 19 55 
Enrolleent: 20,242 


Sacranento 95041 

Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification: 009552 
Entity Nuaber: 1-94-157-6340- A2 

Coed 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : SO 
Control: State/Local Saaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Ter ain a 1 Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ, rsth 

r teSi ^f n i‘ * Dr. Robert D. Jensen 

32 Dean Student Personnel Service Dc. Louis J. Johnson 

n n* aD °i ?5 S ‘ C “ cUon Hr. Robert A. Hyaan 

10 Dean of Administration. Hr. C. flax McDonald 


•COSUMNSS RIVER COIIEGE 


6401 Center Farkway, Sacraaento 95823 


County: Sacraaentc 
Telephone (916) 421-1000 
Established 1970 
Enro llaent: 5,318 


Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification; 007536 
Entity Nuaber: 1-94-1 57-6340-A3 

Coed 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : SO 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; WJ, ADVET 

02 President Hr. y incent P . Pa dilla 

05 Dean of instructional Services sr. Charles G. synold 

32 Dean stdnt Personnel Services....... Hr. Lawrence F. Hilliaas 

10 Assoc Dean Adminv Services.... Hr. Hichael Hargett 

56 Assoc Dean Community Based Ed.... Dr. Howard L. Harris 


♦SACRAMENTO CITY COLLEGE 

3635 Freeport Boulevard, Sacraaento 95822 

„ Congressional District: 3 

County: Sacramento PICE Identification: 001233 


Telephone (916) 449-7531 Entity Nuaber: 1 -94- 157-6340 -ao 

Established 1916 Coed 

Bnrollaent: 13,274 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(ln-State) : JO 
Control: State/Local semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; WJ, ADHUR, t DA, IDH 

02 President Hr. Douglas V. Burris 

10 Dean of AdDinistration Hr. Lloyd Rodgers 

32 Dean student Services Mr. Darcy W. Tucker 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Charles Nadler 


LOYOLA HARYHOONT UNIVERSITY 

Loyola Blvd at W 80th St, Los Angeles 90045 

Congressional District: 27 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 011649 

Telephone (213) 642-2700 Entity Number: 1 -95- 1 64 -3334- A4 

Established 1911 coed 

Enrollment: 6,051 Unaergraauate Tuition and Fees: $4,020 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, ENG, LAW 

01 President Rev. Donald P. Merrifield 

02 Provost Sc. Rene (larrangue 

04 Assistant to the President Rev. Albert J. Di Ulio 

03 Chancellor Rev. Charles S. Casassa 

05 Academic Vice President Rev. John D. cuddlgan 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs.... Hr. John A. Pfaffinger 

32 Vice President student Affairs Dr. Henry F. Durand 

25 University Controller Hr. Elvin r. Matts 

27 Vice Pres University Relations Dr. Kenneth J. Daponte 

08 Director Von Der Ahe Library Ms. Betty j. Blackman 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Michel E. L'Heureux 

06 Registrar Ms; Rosenia St Onge 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Donna Paloer 

36 Coord Grad Alumni Placement Mrs. Patricia Hawkesworth 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. John E. Clevis 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Edward It. Spit2 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Mr. Donald V. Fry 

30 Director of Development Ms. Margaret F. Daird 

29 Director of Alumni Relations... Mr. Christopher E. King 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Richard Suanaga 

38 Director Counseling Center Dr. Darry Reister 

19 Director of Security Mr. Harry R. Ilueston 

51 Dean Cont Ed-Summer Session Dr, Leon Levitt 

49 Acting Dean of Liberal Arts Dr. Francis B. Carothers 

58 Dean of the Graduate Division Rev. Anthony F. Turhollov 

54 Dean Science and Engineering Dr. James E. Foxvocthy 

50 Dean of Bus Administration Dr. Richard L. villianson 

61 Dean of Law Dr. Theodore A. Bruinsaa 

57 Actg Dean Pine and Commun Arts Mr. Varren C. Sherlock 

53 Chran Department of Education Dr. Diane Stauts 


♦MARYHCUNT PALCS VERDES COLLEGE 

30800 Palos Verdes Dr E, Rancho Palos Verdes 90274 
_ . Congressional District: 27 

County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 010474 

Telephone (213) 377-5501 Entity Number: 1-95-21 1-3260-A2 

Established 1967 • coed 

362 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,600 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4 - 1 -H 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Termiual Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WO 

01 President. D r. Thomas D. Mood 

05 Academic Dean sr. Carol Brody 

10 Dean of Business Services Sr. Rosemarie McManus 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Sr. Gregory Daddy 

08 Librarian... Hr. Buckley Barrett 

Ms * Kacan Carrillo 

?? lil l Financial Aid Mr. Marriner Bertholf 

51 Director of cone Education Sr. Carol Brody 


+BELODYLAND SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 

rlJSfS 18 !! 91111110 ' Anaheim 92002 Congressional District; 3S 

TeleihL2 r niu, ... PICE Identification: 029064 

T * M J 7 > 635 ’ 6393 Entity Numbers 1 -95-209-7142-A ' 

established 1973 Co?d 

2 !i? ■ Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S1.92C 

HiahiS t nfflT.« hC1S ri an i. ChUrch < Disci P les of. Christ) Quartet 
Highest Offering: First Professional 

H bera * Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: awe 

01 President. Dr. J. Rodman Hilliaas 



0« Asst to Pres-Dir Admissions.. 

05 Academic Dean 

08 Librarian 

10 Director of Business Affairs. 
26 Director of Public Relations. 
32 Dean of Students..... 

06 Registrar ...... 

70 Director of Social Work 


.... Hr . David Dorman 

.............. Vacant 

Hr. Robert J. sivigny 
. Hr. Harold K. Ramey 
. Mr. Lovell B. Jones 

Dr . John Rea 

. . Ms. Sue Chavanelle 
.. Dr. John Cheydleur 


+HENEOCINO COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 3000, Ukiah 95482 Congressional District: 2 

County: Hendocino FICE Identification: 011672 

Telephone (707) 462-0571 Entity Humber: 1-94 -600-271 1 -A1 

Established 19 73 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,713 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) t $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WC, 3WJ 

01 President Hr- Robert F. Agrella 

05 Dean of Instruction.... Hr. Raymond D. Liedlich 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Er. Richard T. Botruba 

10 Dean of Business Services Hr. William II. Brown 

08 Director Library Services Mrs. Lelia Cassidy 

06 Registrar Mrs. Kris HcClusky 

56 Asst Dean-Dir Lake county ctr Hr. Thomas Kesey 

75 Asst Dean-Dir Willits Center Hr. Robert W. Conings 

53 Assistant Dean Ukiah Campus . Hr. Anthony A. Latronica 


MENLO COLLEGE 

Menlo Park 94025 Congressional District: 12 

County: San Mateo PICE Identification: 001236 

Telephone (415) 323-6141 Entity Humber: 1-94-1 1 5-6656-A1 

Established 19 27 „ c °f d 

Enrollment: 681 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,040 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: wc 

01 President Dr. Richard F. O'Brien 

05 Provost Dr. R. Eugene Bales 

26 Chief Public Relations Officer Ms. Jan Hyatt 

10 Business Manager Hr. Cassius L. Kirk Jr. 

07 Dean of Admissions Hf* Douglas B. Walker 

06 Registrar Ms. Haureen E, McNulty 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. Donald V. Drury 

33 Dean of Students Dr . Peter E. Steiner 

71 Director of Sumner Session Hr. Howard T. East 

50 Dean Sch Bus Administration Mr. Janes L. Good Jr. 

49 Dean Sch Letters and science........ Cr. G. William Rolloason 


KBHNONITE BRETHREN BIBLICAL SEMINARY 

4024 East Butler, Fresno 93727 Congressional Bistrict: 17 
County: Fresno FICE Identification: 010368 
Telephone (209) 251-8628 Entity Number: 1-94-6 12-8992-A1 
Established 1955 Co ®^ 
Enrollment: 147 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; 50 


Affiliation: Kenncnite Brethren church Quarter 

Highest offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditations WC, TIIBCL 

01 President..... Dr. Bluer A. Martens 

06 Vice Pres for Admin-Registrar.... Hr. Henry 11. Bueck 

05 Academic Dean Dr. John E. Toevs 

08 Librarian... Me- Adonijah Pauls 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Waldo B. Hiebert 

53 Director Field Education - Dr. Loyal J. Hactin 


MERCED COLLEGE 

3600 M Street, Merced 95340 Congressional District: 15 

County: Merced PICE Identifications 001237 

Telephone (209) 723-4321 Entity Humber: 1 -94-600-2379-A 1 

Established 1962 Cosd 

Enrollments 7,648 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : 530 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA, DT, RAD 

01 President Dr. W. c. Martineson 

15 Dean Instr and pers Service........... Dr. Jack E. Williamson 

32 Dean student Personnel......... Mr. Loren R. Irvin 

26 Dean coamunity Services. ................. . Mr. Jerry Schaffer 

10 Business Manager...... Dr. George Kozitza 


06 


... nr. Winfield F. McNamee 


ml-. Don Thompson 



Hr. Stan Mattoon 




38 

Director Guidance Division. 

... Ms. Marie Sawyer 



. Hr. Luc Janssens 



.. Hr. David Oln«n 



Hr. Harlan H. Hamlin 



. . Mr s. Deloris Anenson 






Mr. William Yates 



.. Hr. Stephen Cns3«dy 



.... Hr. Jack McCabe 

71 


. Hr. Maurice HcKollipn 


Dt. I.es McCabe 

55 

Dean Arts and Sciences 



HILLS COLLEGE 

Hacarthur G See Avenues, Oakland 946 ’* OIUjreS3iona l District: 0 

county: Alameda ^ICt Identification: 001230 

Telephone (4 15) 632-2700 Entity Number: 1-94- 1 15-6566 M 

Established 1052 

Enrollment: 973 Undergraduate Tuition and F008 L 

control: Independent Nonprofit ‘ ,ono 1 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory 

o£ F.oalt, Bd.ara T. 10 !'c.V0J,£ 

10 Vice president and Treasurer - »*• Daniol J* ’ J 

30 Vice pres Col Rel-Development Ha. » o1q d J J 

32 Dean of Student services unlvur 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Gall Hornon 

27 Director Public Information 

nonislrar MC6. Alda N. HyLOn 

37 Financial Aid Officer HrBl Li * B “ nn-au 

29 Alumnae Director Nrs. Margaret H.TI hona.j 

04 Spec Assistant to President Ms. Gail n. Mointor 

14 coord for Computer Activities.... Ms. Carol I-Dnnox 

58 Director of Graduate Study Dr. Allan E. Vaunt 


MIRA COSTA COLLEGE 

One Barnard Drive, Oceanside 920S4 ... 

Congressional District: 40 

County: San Diego PICE Identifications 001239 

Telephone (714) 757-2121 Entity Number: 1 -95-600-6062- A' 

Established 1934 Co0fl 

Enrollment: 5,819 

Undergraduate Tuition and Feos (In-Stnte) : $->6 

Control: State/Local Some n toe 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than « Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr- dohn MacDonald 

03 Asst Supt-Bxec Vice President.. Dr. Adolph P. Haiaon 

05 Vice President Instruction Dr. K. L. tiro man 

32 Vice Pres stdnt Pers Services Dr. William L. Foran 

10 Vice Pres Business Services Dr. John W. Hullendor 

08 Director of Library Services Hr. Leland C. Bussell 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Walter H. Stovart 

75 Dean of Career Education Mr. F. Bruce Stnvart 


MODESTO JUNIOR COLLEGE 

college Avenue, Modesto 95350 congressional Dintrict: 15 

County: Stanislaus FICE Identification: 001240 

Telephone (209) 526-2000 Entity Number: 1 -94 -600-2300- A3 

Established 1921 Coed 

Enrollment; 11,234 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $8 

control: state/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA, HAC 

02 President........... Dr. Kenneth N. Griffin 

05 Dean of Instruction Miss Vivian A. Han ha 

32 Dean of Student Services... Mr. Ugo P. Lea 

06 Dean of Relations With Schools...... Vacant 

26 Dean of Media 5 Info Services Dr. Edward L. HcClarty 

10 Asst Dean Business Services........ Hr. Richard L. Van Wagner 

37 Asst Dean Stdnt Serv-Finan Aid... Dr. Blise D. 3clinoider 

08 Asst Dean Learning Resources... Mr, Joseph A, Schofter 

07 Asst Dean Adoissions-Records. ......... . Dr. Horace S. ((online 

38 Dir of counseling and Guidance........... Mr, Juan II. Alvarez 

51 Assoc Dean Instr Cmty Id.. Dr. carl Hofmann Jr. 

75 Assoc Dean Instr-Voc Education.... Mr. C. Arnold Blank 



£AkII2BIi. 


U2 


61 Assoc Dean Criminal Justice... 
47 Chrpcsn Agric Biol Science.... 
57 Chr prsn Acts- Hun and speech... 
70 Chrprsn Behav-Soc Sci Division 
50 Chairperson-Business Division. 
54 chrpcsn Engr-Math-Phy Sci Div . 
66 Chrpcsn H 1th Occ Division 

59 Chr prsn Hone Ec-Trade-Tech Div 

60 Chrprsn Lit-Lang Arts Division 
68 Chrpcsn Phy Peer Blth Ed Div.. 


... Hr. Jack NcActbur 
Dr. Stanley L. Hodges 
Hr. Lloyd E. PauXner 
Hr. Bonaia D. Hanzoni 
He. Honan S. Salazar 
Hr. A. lance Thompson 
..... Hrs. J. Sue Cook 
Mrs. B. Jeanne Palmie 
. Hr. Robert H. Hognis 
, Hr. Douglas A. Hodge 


HQHT EB EY INSTITUTE CP INTERN ATICHA1 STUDIES 

425 Van Buceo, Honterey 93940 Congressional District: 16 

County: honterey PICE Identification: 001241 

Telephone (406) 649-3)13 Entity Humber: 1-94-142-5570-A1 

Established 1955 Coed 

Enrolloent: 460 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: S4,659 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Bister's; No Lover Division 
Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation: VC 

01 President.... Dr. William Craig 

05 Vice pres and Acadenic Dean........... Dr. Glynn Hood 

10 Business Manager........ Hr. John it. Pidgeon 

32 Dean of Students Hrs. Euth Frasier 

30 Director of Development Hr. Uerschel Peak 

06 Director of the library Vacant 

04 Dir pers S Asst to president..... Hrs. Linda Henderson 

26^- Director of Public Affairs Mrs. Haxlne Jennings 

06 Registrar............ Hrs. Euth A. Hunt 

07 Adaissions Officer Hrs. Eva long 

36 Dir Career Planning-PlacoxeDt Hrs. Florence B. Kennedy 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms. Ann Townes 

29 Director Aluani Belations ...... . hrs. Dusty Brevster Cusinano 

51. Recruiter 6 Dir Coop Education Hr. Doyle Martin 

56 Dir Training for 5orv Abroad Gen. Leland G. Cagwin 


KCHTEREY PENINSULA COLLEGE 


Enrolloent: 19, 197 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -state) : j 24 
Control: State/Local Senoster 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, IADVET, RAD , RSTII, RSTIIT 

01 President Dr. John D. Randall 

10 Vice Pres Business Services Dr. James A. Albanese 

05 Vice Pres Acadenic Affairs Hr. Joseph H. Zagorsk! 

32 Vice Pres Student Services..... Dr. tennis H. Mayer 

25 Adninv Dean occup Programs Hr. Irvin Colt 

38 Dean Student Services Dr. Bruce ],. Paulson 

15 Actg Dir Personnel services Mr. Eugene Curl 

07 Dir Aduissions and Records Hr. R. Dan Angetl 

08 Director Learning Resources Hr. Killian J. lloffnan 

06 Registrar Mr. Eugene V. Olson 

09 Assistant Dean Research-Grants Dr. John D, Reck 

36 Dir Occupational Placement... Hr. John H. Rogers 

27 Public Information Officer.... Ms. Mary c. Powers 


MOUNT SAN JACINTO COLLEGE 

21-400 Highway 79, San Jacinto 92303 

Congressional District: 37 
County: Riverside F1CE Identification: 001246 

Telephone (714) 654-7321 Entity Number: 1-95-600-0929-A4 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,723 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State} : 12 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ 

01 President Dr. Hilo P. Johnson 

10 Vice President Dr. Albert J. Grafsky Jr, 

06 Regstr 6 Dean Stdnt Personnel Hr. Leland Faulnann 

05 Dean of Academic Instruction Hr. Louis Canter 

75 Dean of Vocational Education Hr. Benton n. Culdvell 


900 Fremont, Monterey 93940 Congressional District: 16 

county: Monterey FICE Identification: 001242 

Telephone (408) 646-4010 Entity Number: 1-94-231-4S06-A1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enroll a cut: 6,617 

Undergraduate Tuiticn and Fees(I n-State) : 120 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA 

01 President Hr. Max R. Tadlock 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. David W. Hopkins Jr. 

10 Business Hanager Hr. Donaia K. Young 

06 Registrar... Ms . sally Jones 

OH Librarian Hs. nary Anne Teed 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. Jack D. Bessire 

5 1 Dean of Comnunity Education Dr. Keith E. Merrill 

MOUNT SAINT MARY'S COLLEGE 

12001 Chalon Road, Los Angeles 90049 

„ . , Congressional District: 23 

County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001243 

Telephone (213) 476-2237 Entity Number: 1-95- 1 64-1 455-A1 

Established 1925 Women 

Enrollment: 1,108 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S3, 450 

A f filiation: Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: WC, ADNUR, HUS, HUR, PTAA 

fU Sc - «agdaien Coughlin 

05 Dean for Academic Development Rev. Matthev Delaney 

10 Director Business and Pinance. Hr. Dieter Philippi 

In f 0t Development Hiss Cheryl Mabey 

30 Director of Development Hr. Robert J. Geissinger 

SS::::::::::::::”:::;::::;::;;::;:; «• ss.sai 

07 Director of Admissions pr. l£en . Kellv 

37 Director of Financial Aid -..[I": Sr. ollls Smith 

7? s f GCa ?" a ! e Progcao - Sr. Paulette Gladis 

75 Dean Assoc in Arts Program Sr. Marie L. Sanders 

MOUNT SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE 

1100 North Grand, walnut 91789 Congressional District: 35 

County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001245 

Established 7 1945 59fl " 5611 E " tity NUBbeC: 1-»-6M-2131-A1 

Coed 


NAPA COLLEGE 

2277 Napa-Vallejo Hvy, Napa 94550 Congressional District: 2 
County: Napa PICE Identification: 001 24 T 

Telephone (707) 255-2100 Entity Number: 1 -94 -600-2406-»i 

Established 1940 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,691 

undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Stato) : 18 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ, RSTII 

01 President Dr. William H. Feddorson 

10 Business Manager Dr. Andrew J. For 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. John L. Hohrcna 

32 Dean of Students Vacant 

04 Adminv Assistant to President Dr. Alexander Ra«a 

15 Personnel Officer Dr. Arlin Taylor 

37 Asst Dean Student Services ' Hr. Ed Shenk 

75 Assoc Dean Instr Voc-Technical Dr. Arlin Taylor 

55 Assoc Dean Instr-Extended Day Hr. Paul Ash 

NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

4141 Casino Del Rio South, San Diego 92108 

Congressional District; 41 
county: San Diego FICE Identification: 011460 

Telephone (714) 563-7100 Entity Humber: 1 -23 -717-2306-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollaent: 4,626 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees} 13,480 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation; WC 

01 President or. David Chigaa 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs.... Dc, Herbert fl, Taraofl 

10 Vice Pres Administration Dr. Glenn E. aeatdnore 

30 Vice pres University Affairs......... Dr. Adolf H B. Jacobean 

33 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Harren Hamilton 

06 Dean Records-Special Services Dr. David K. Costello 

04 General Counsel Dr. Robert c. White 

08 Librarian. Mrs. Harylyn Roberts 

29 Pres Alumni Association.. Hr. Herbert Day 

45 Director Business Affairs Hr. Darrell Hoyle 

15 Dir of Administrative Services Hr. John Banquette 

37 Director student Financial Aid..... Hrs. Carole Beth llodgkiae 

36 Director of Career Counseling Dr. George J. Drops 

14 Manager of Data Processing Dr. Rick Brookes 

58 Dean of Graduate studies Dr. Harold C. Welts 



43 


caliiqrnia 


51 Dean of Undergraduate Studies., 

6 1 Dean School of Law 

50 Chrprsn Gen Business studies.., 

66 Chrprsn App Sci lilt h Serv 

40 Chrprsn Ec-Mgmt sci studies... 
72 Chrprsn Information Systems..., 

53 Chrprsn Education Department.. 

70 Chrprsn Human Behavior Studies 

57 Coordinator Humanities 

71 coord Credentialing Programs.., 

56 Dean Extended Studies 

60 Coordinator Public Affairs-... 
75 Coord Aeronautical Services... 

54 Coord Technology 6 Mathematics 
69 Coordinator Behavioral science 
00 Coord Social Problems Research 


... Dr. J. Robert Evans 
.. Dr. Victor Bianchini 
. . Dr. Donald S. carver 
. . Dr. Crawford Jackson 
.... Dr. lore Tjersland 
... Dr. Carol Blomstrom 

Dr. Daniel Jordon 

Dr. George Vlahos 

Dr. Anne Marie Feenberg 

Dr. Donald streets 

Ms. Ellen Kaye 

Mr. Jack Hayo 

Hr. Charles Washington 
.... Mr. Murray C. Cook 
... Hr. William Brigham 
... Dr. Robert Humphrey 


HEW COLLEGE OF CALIFORHIA 


777 Valencia, San Francisco 94110 Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 010831 

Telephone (415) 626-1694 Entity Humber: 1-94-175-0463-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 379 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,700 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: wc 

0 1 President Ms. Mildred Henry 

06 Registrar................ Hs. Kathleen McGill 

07 Director of Admissions Hs. Paula-Marie lalande 

10 Chief Fiscal officer..... Mr. Charles Allensworth 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Ms. Patricia Lis 

49 Dean of Humanities Program Mr. Robert Rahl 

61 Dean of Law... Ms. Roberta Achtenberg 


+ NORTHERN CALIFORHIA COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

655 Arastradero Road, Palo Alto 94306 

Congressional District: 12 
County: Santa Clara PICE Identification: 029234 

Telephone Entity Humber: 1- 94-251-5428- A1 

Kstablis hed 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest Offering: 

Prog ram: 

Accreditation: 3IC 


+ NORTH ROP UNIVERSITY 


1155 W Arbor Vitae St, Inglewood 90306 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 00124B 

Tele phono (213) 641-3470 Entity Humber: 1- 95-203-9390- A1 

Established 1942 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,461 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,952 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

HighoBt offering: Hastens 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 


Accreditation: WC, ENG, EHGT 

01 President ■ • • * • Dr* B« J. Shell 

05 Vico Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Carl R. Sederholm 

10 Vice Pres for Administration Mr. D. A. Spellneyer 

30 Vice PreB for Development Mr. John G. Morey 

06 Director of Admissions..... Mr. Judson Staples 

07 Director of Records ..... Hr. Floyd Smith 

08 Director of Library Services Mrs. Chere Negaard 

26 Dir Publicity and Publications Hr. David Encinas 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hr. Patrick W. Comstock 

36 Director Career Center * Mr. Carl A. Pearse 

04 Asst Pres-Actg Dean Students Mr. John C. Wietting 

15 Director of Personnel. Ms. Constance J. Sessions 

49 Assoc Dean Academic Affairs Hr. Robert V. Jamison 

61 Dean of the Law School Dr. Carl R. Sederholm 

50 Director College Management Dr. Robert W. Pfeiffer 


NYINGMA INSTITUTE 

1815 Highland Place, Berkeley 94709 

congressional District; B 
county: Alameda PICE Identification: 029083 

Telephone (415) 843-6812 Entity Number: — 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 13 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Haster's 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President. Tarthanf’ Tulku Rinpoche 


05 Dean Betty cook 

06 Registrar............ Susan Dow 

08 Head Librarian...... Ruth Fellhauer 

10 Chief Business officer Joseph Lippnan 


OCCIDENTAL COLLEGE 

1600 Campus Road, Los Angeles 90041 

Congressional District: 25 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001249 

Telephone (213) 259-2974 Entity Number: 1-9 5- 166-7 1 77 - a 1 

Established 1887 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,707 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,577 

Control: Independent nonprofit Other 

Highest offering: Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Dr. Richard C. Gilman 

05 Dean Df the Faculty Dr. Rohert S. P.yf 

03 Executive Vice President.... Mr. Robert L. Eovinette 

30 Vice Pres Planning-Development Mr. Lee O. Case 

06 Registrar Mrs. Evelyne Glaser 

08 Librarian...... Mr. Tycus G. Harmsen 

07 Dean of Admission Hr. John A. Williams 

37 Director Financial Aid Dr. Benjamin H. Culley 

32 Dean of Students Hs. Brigida A. Knauer 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Ms. Jean H. Keefe 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Jeffrey B. wood 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Mary F- Helleaa 

10 Controller Mr. Richard M . Praley 

14 Dir Data Processing Center Dr. Thomas A. Slobko 

27 Director Public Information Hrs. Ida Lee Vootten 


OHLONE COLLEGE 

P O Box 3909, Fremont 94538 Congressional District: 10 

County: Alameda PICE Identification: 004481 

Telephone (415) 657-2100 Entity Number: 1-94-600-2421-A4 

Established 196 6 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,304 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In -State) : $0 
control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ , ADNUR 

01 President Dr. Peter Bloaerley 

04 Dean Administrative Services.......... Mr. William J. Collins 

10 Business Manager Hr. Allen J. Frawley 

05 Dean of Instruction. Dr. II, N. McCallum 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Anne E. Golseth 

08 Asst Dean-Learning Resources Mr. Hans Larsen 

36 Assoc Dean Career Education Dr. curt Huska 

38 Assistant Dean of counseling Mr. Don Wolfe 

15 Asst to Pres-Personnel Office Mr. Richard L. Peters 

55 Assistant Dean of Instruction Dr. Alan lows 

75 Asst Dean Bus-Human Studies Mr. Fujio F. Nakasako 

49 Asst Dean Arts-Sci-Technology Mr. Hector L. Cordova 

63 Asst Dean Health Sci-Servlces Mrs. Verle H. Waters 

37 Director Financial Aids. Mr. Alvin Jenkins 

OTIS ART INSTITUTE OF PARSONS SCHOOL OP DESIGN 

2401 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles 90057 

Congressional District: 24 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001251 

Telephone (213) 3B7-52B8 Entity Number: 1- 13-298- 1 1 15-B4 

Established 1918 

Enrollment: 232 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: J3,4iQ 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WC, ART 

01 Dean of the College......... Mr. Neil Hoffman 

07 Dir Admissions-Financial Aid... ..•»•••• Ms. Waynna Kato 

06 Registrar «s. iyn? Jordan 

10 Comptroller Ms. leda Del Bourgo 

08 Librarian ME * Neal Henzies 

30 Director of Development Mr. Gary Wheelock 

36 Placement Officer.... Ms. Nina Saaek 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Roger Workman 


■ACIF1C CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

2500 East Nutwood Avenue, Fullerton 92631 , . 4 

Congressional District. 39 
County: Orange FICE Identification: 001252 

Telephone (714) 879-3901 Entity Number: 1-95-1 91-6051 -ai 

Established 1928 

Enrollment: 604 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 



<44 


SAHISMiA 


Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Accreditation: NC, BI 

01 President............ 

03 Administrative Vice President...... 

05 Dean of the College 

OB Librarian.... 

0 6 Registrar 

07 Die of Adnis-Dean oi Students...... 

10 Controller 

30 Director of Developaent 

37 student Financial Aid Coord 


Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
Professional 

Medford H. Jones 

Bob D. Moore 

Charles A. HcHeely 

Jeffery L. Wilson 

Park H. flatting 

Gene A. Sonnanberg 

Richard E. Merrill 

John P. Rowe 

Harriet J. Kinzie 


■♦PACIFIC GRADUATE SCHOOL OF PSYCHOLOGY 
1631 El Caaino Real, Palo Alto 94306 

Congressional District: 12 
Comity: Santa Clara F1CE Identification: 029225 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-94-234-0692-A1 

2sta blished 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control; Independent Nonprofit 
Highest Offering: 

Program: 

Accreditation: VC 


PACIPIC UNION COLLEGE 


Angvin 94508 Congressional District: 2 

County: Napa FICE Identification: 001258 

Telephone (707) 965-621 1 Entity Number: 1 -94-127-9798-A1 

Established 1882 Coed 

Enrollaent: 2,127 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,125 

Affiliation: Seventh-Day Adventists Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC, ADNUR, MUS 

01 President Dr. John V. Cassell Jr. 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Gordon A. Madgwick 

06 Associate Academic Dean Dr. Charles T. Snith Jr. 

10 Vice Pres for Finan Affairs Mr. Robert A. Strickland 

07 Director of Adnissions Mr. Perry D. Campbell 

08 Librarian Mr. Clarence sletwick 

32 Dean of student Affairs Mr. David R. igler 

38 Assoc Dean student Affairs Dr. Howard 0, ilardcastle 

33 Dean of Hen Mr. Adolph G. Grans 

34 Dean of Women... Mrs. Jessie Pluhovoy 

30 Vice Pres Pub Rel & Develop. Dr. Donald J. Coles 

26 Asst Dir of Public Relations Mr. Larry Becker 

29 President Alumni Association Mr. Parrel Brizendine 

37 Director of student Finance.. Mr. Glen Bobat 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Ren Nest 


PACIPIC LUTHERAN THEOLOGICAL SEMINABY 


PALOMAR COLLEGE 


2770 Karin Avenue, Berkeley 94708 Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001254 

Telephone (4 15) 524-5264 Entity Number: 1-94-138-4685-A1 

Established 1950 Coed 

Enrollment: 203 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: American Luth and Luth Church in America 

Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 


Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 President and Dean Dr. Halter M. Stuhr 

10 Bus Hgr-Coord for Development Mr. Valter Bock 

06 Registrar........ Mrs. Elizabeth Over 

08 Director of Library Rev. John Datsel 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Harry J. Hu an 

37 Student Services Secretary Ms. Mary Brown 

51 Dean Cont Theol Education Rev. Gary Pence 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies...... Dr. Victor R. Sold 


PACIFIC OAKS COLLEGE 

5 Bastmoreland Place, Pasadena 91103 

Congressional District: 22 
county: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001255 

Telephone (213) 795-9161 Entity Number: 1-95-171-6B09-A1 

Established 1951 Coed 

Enrollment; 290 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,600 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Lower Division 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: VC 

01 President Elizabeth Herrick 

05 Dean of Academic Programs Karen Fite 

10 Director of Finance Nirva Campos 

37 Financial Aid Officer Betty Sowell 

07 Director of Admissions Esther Burley 

08 Librarian Evelyn Harris 

06 Registrar Beverly Noble 

26 Director of Public Information Norene Harris 

30 Director of Development.... Barbara Martin 


PACIFIC SCHOOL OF RELIGION 


1798 Scenic Avenue, Berkeley 94709 Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001256 

TalepboDe (4 15) 848-0528 Entity Number: 1-94-118-61 79-A1 

Established 1866 Coed 

Enrollment: 189 Ondetgcaduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

ccntrol: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BC, THEOL 

01 President.......... Dr. Neely D. McCarter 

30 Vice Pres for Development Dr. Richard T. Schellhase 

05 Dean.... Dr. Robert c. Leslie 

ID Cca t roller. ms. Joceyln Song 

07 Dean of students Bev. Barbara Eoche 

Of librarian Bc< Jobn B atsel 

06 Registrar............ Mrs. Constance V. Gilmore 

71 Dean of the Summer Session,, Dr. David Steward 

51 Dean Adv Professional Studies Dr. David steward 


1140 Nest Mission, San Marcos 92069 

Congressional District; 43 
County: San Diego FICE Identification: 001260 

Telephone (714) 744-1150 Entity Number: 1-95-600-2227-A2 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,874 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $18 
Control: State/Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: HJ, ADNUR, DA 

01 President Dr. Omar I). Scheldt 

10 Asst Supt Business Services Dr. John D. Schattler 

05 Dean Instr- Director Placement Dr. Theodore Kilaan 

32 Dean of student Personnel Dr. Kenneth D. Burns 

08 Asst Dean for Library service Ms. Donnie L. Rogers 

14 Director of Computer Center Ms. Jo Anne C. Mayer 

38 Asst Dean of Student services... Dr. David A. Chappie 

37 Actg Asst Dean Student Affairs Mr. J. Frank Hankin 

49 Assistant Dean for Humanities Nr. Gene M. Jackson 

50 Asst Dean Scl Dus-Technology Ms. Diane G. Michael 

75 Asst Dean Vocational Education Mr. Walter Brown 

51 Actg Asst Dean Ad Ed-Cmty Serv Mr. Angelo Carli 


PALO VERDE COLLEGE 

811 West Chanslorway, Blythe 92225 

Congressional District: 37 
County: Riverside FICE . Identification I 001259 

Telephone (714) 922-6168 Entity Number: 1-95-600-0929-A9 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollaent: 549 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $24 
Control: State/local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ 

01 President Dr. Dan Radakovich 

05 Asst Supt Dean of Instruction.......... Dr. Margaret H. Artec 

32 Dean of Student Personnel... Dr. Dwight Safac 

08 Librarian Mrs, Opal M. Pollard 

10 Coord Bus serv and Registrar Ms, Patricia Beaver 

06 Registrar... Mrs. Mary Jeanne Smith 

75 Assoc Dean Occup Education...,. Mr. Stan FoBter 


PASADENA CITY COLLEGE 

1570 E Colorado Blvd, Pasadena 91106 

Congressional District: 22 
county: Los Angeles FICE Identification; 001261 

Telephone (213) 578-7123 Entity Number: 1 -95-174-4349- A1 

Established 1924 Coad 

Enrollment: 18,177 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: BO, ADNUR, IDA, DH, IDT, RAD 
01 President......,.....,........,...,..,, or, Richard S. Meyers 



45 _ CALI FOB N 


03 Vice Pr 09 £or Adninv Services 

05 Vice Pres foe Instruction ... . 
36 Vico Pros Student personnel.. 
10 Vice Pres Business Services.. 

06 oca n Admissions and Records.. 
32 Oean of Student Activities... 
00 Chairman Library services.... 
14 Director Computer services... 

27 Information Officer 

75 Dean Occupational Education.. 


..... Hr. John S. Hadden 
Dr, Stanley E. Gunstrear 

Dr. Irvin G. Lewis 

.... Dr. Bennie R„ Jases 
.. Hr. Ernest F. Neumann 

Nr. Alvar L. Kauti 

Hr. William K. Grainger 

Hr. Janes Tuodio 

• • Hr. Robert J. Gomperz 
. Dr. Vernon C. llalcroab 


PATTEN COLLEGE 

2433 Coolidge Avenue, Oakland 94601 

Congressional District: 9 
County; Alameda FICE Identification: 004490 

Telephone (415) 533-0300 Entity Number: 1- 94- 157-0130-A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 116 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 11,790 

Affiliation: other Protestant Semester 

Jlighost Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Cr. Debe Patten 

04 Asst to Pres-Eir Development Rev. Gary R. Moncher 

05 Academic Dean.... Dr. Robecca Patten 

10 Business Manage::.... Hiss Katherine Allnan 

06 Registrar... Hiss Debra Carter 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Cliristino Anderson 

08 Librarian . . Hs. Patricia Bauer 

32 Director of Student Services Hiss Bebe Carla Galovich 

3D Director of Counseling Dr. Elizabeth Torres 


PEPPEKDINE UNIVERSITY 


• 24255 Pacific Coast llvy, Malibu 90265 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001264 

Telephone (213) 456-4000 Entity Number: 1-95-164-4037-A1 

Established 1937 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,341 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,000 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Triaeater 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Acts and General? Teacher Preparatory: 
p rofesaional 

Accreditation: wc, lam, tills 

01 President Dr. Ilovard A. White 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs nr. Warren M. Dillard 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs or. John D. Nicks 

04 Vice Pres University Affairs Cr. James R. Wilburn 

03 vice Pres and Legal Counsel Hr. Hike O’Neal 

32 Vice Pros Adainv Affairs....... Dr. Ronald Stevens 

45 Vice Pres Systems and Planning Dr. James Penrod 

07 Doan of Admissions Mr. Robert l. Fraley 

06 Registrar.......... Hr. Boise Bowman 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Israel Rodriguez 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. James c. Moore 

00 University Librarian Mrs. Dorothy Moore 

09 Dir of Institutional Research..., Dr. John S. Hasileski 

30 Vice pres of Development Mr. George c. Bales 

14 Actg Dir of Computer Center Dr. Jack HcManus 

61 Dean of the School of Law Dr. Ronald F. Phillips 

50 Dean School of Business... Dr. Kennetli L. Anderson 

53 Doan of School of Education Dr. Olaf H. Tegner 

56 Dean Sch of Prof Studies Hr. John Matson 

49 Dean Seaver College.. Dr. Norman Hughes 


PERALTA COMMUNITY COLLEGES 
♦SYSTEM OFFICB 

300 Grand Avenue, Oakland 94610 congressional District: 0 

County: Alameda PICE Identification: 001265 

Telephone (415) 834-5500 Entity Number: 1-94-159-0799-A5 

01 Chancellor.... Dr. Donald H. Godbold 

10 Vioe Chanc Adminv-Bua Services.. Hr. W. B. Lovell 

05 vies Chanc Bduc Services Vacant 

15 Direotor Personnel Relations Hr. A. curt Steffen 

45 Director Personnel Operations Hs. Dorothy Parrish 

26 Dir Caty Development Relations.. Hr. Robert Seward 

27 Director Inforaotion office............. Hs. Beverly Hitchell 

04 Dir Planning and Development » Dr. Suzanne Adams 

14 Director of Coaputer Center Mr. Scott D. Baldwin 

09 Director of Analytical Studios Dr. Peter A. Selo 

75 Director Vocational Education Hr. Gary E. Howard 


♦ ♦college op aiaheda 

555 Atlantic Avenue, Alaaeda 94501 congressional Districts 9 
County: Alaaeda FICE identification: 008306 
telephone (415) 522-7221 Entity Number: 1-94-159-0799-A8 


Established 1964 

En rolloent; 6, 900 Co 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -st . 
Control: State/local 1 ^ate) . 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Uuart 

Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ, DA, HAC 

02 President Ms. Jeanette p 

03 Exec Dean Instr-Administration Mr. Donald B 

32 Acting Dean Student Services Hs. Christine John- 

05 Actg Bean Instnl Services Hr. Odell Jchnson j 

08 Dir Lib Ltng Instr Resources Dr. Harv K n-Vi» 

10 Business Officer Hr. Gerald L m 

27 Director Comnunrty Services Mr. Robert L 

06 Registrar v ~ 

37 Director Special Services Hr. Ray Richards 

75 Asst Dean Occup Ed Spec Prog Dr. Edna P. Froehl i 

49 Div Chrmn Soc 6 Behav Sciences Dr. Wise e. All 

6B Div Chron Sci-Allied Hlth Ed Hr. Henry Be 

50 Div Chrmn Bus-Transportation Hr. John H. Pri 

57 Div Chrnn Fin-App Lang Acts Dr. Barbara M. Canr. 


re 
rz 
•an 
r . 
nd 
or. 
rd 
nt 
or, 
eh 
en 
11 
ce 
on 


♦♦FEATHER RIVER COLLEGE 

Highway 70 North, Quincy 95971 Congressional District: 1 

County: Plumas FICE Identification: 00859"' 

Telephone (916) 283-0202 Entity Humber: 1-94-159-0799-A2 

Established 196 8 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,108 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *20 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

02 President.. Cr. LyndelL D. Cheeves 

05 Dean of Instruction Dc. W. c. Pat Garrett 

32 Dean Student Personnel Service Dr. Joseph V. Brennan 

10 Business Officer Hr. Carl A. Ladson 

08 Librarian.... Hs. Peggy A. Carr 

38 Counselor. Hr. Donald Fregulia 


♦♦LANEY COLLEGE 

900 Fallon Street, Oakland 94607 Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 001266 

Telephone (415) 834-5740 Entity Number: 1 -94 -159-0799-A3 

Established 1953 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,733 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : SO 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: WJ 

















55 

test Dean Instnl Research.......... 



♦♦MERRITT COLLEGE 

12500 Campus Drive, Oakland 94619 congressional District: 8 
County: Alaaeda FICE 

Telephone (415) 531-4911 Entity Number: 1-94-159-0799 Afa 

Established 1953 CO 

Enrollment: 9,365 . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) . 

Control: State/Local Semes er 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's: 2 -xear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, RAD Greene 

02 president " „ “ , Tucker 

05 Dean of Instruction Dye 

10 collage Business Officer Gloria Harvey 

06 Registrar "li. £5! Bersie 

08 Librarian. Hilfrad Desrosier® 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Mr. 

37 Financial Aids Advisor Hr. i to 

36 Placement Services Officer "t. Baldwin 

14 Director of Computer center ; Bays(5 oc£0n 

75 Asst Dean Instr-Dir Voc 3d Hr- hioy j 


fISTA COLLEGE 

•non k 1 1 via street. Berkeley 94704 congressional District: 




county: Alameda /^E I j» e ^ 1 f i cij t ioD: 029106 

Telephone (*415) 8*41-8*131 Entity Nunber: 1-94-159 07M M 

Established 1974 ^ ae 

Enno llnent. 6,359 0ndergi;aauate tuition and Peas (1 n- State) : 50 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor s; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 

8 “ J nr. John J. Hollenan 

05 Dean Instr’ Development Service... Kz. Bichar d A. Sicca 

06 Registrar T H J L!‘vr?L 

07 Dean Stdnt-Coomunity services vacant 

27 Cm Edlnator' instruction Lot f 

59 coordinator Instruction 

50 coordinator instruction •• «r. Santiago «oo 

51 coordinator instruction Mr. Marcos c ontrera 

56 Sup v Coty Education Center Hr. William Castellano 

♦ POINT LOMA COLLEGE 

3900 Looaland Drive, San Diego 92106 (11 

Congressional District. 41 
r nun tv* San Dieno FICE Identification: 001262 

Tele phone (714) 222-6474 Entity Number: 1-95-164-4039-A1 

Established 1902 . „ *•> boo 

Enrollment: 1,776 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: %2, 880 

Affiliation: Church of Nazarene Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: VC, NUR ___ „ or 

01 President Dr. Dill D. Draper 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Keith A. Pagan 

10 Business Manager Hr. Robert L. Foster 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Dr. Cecil w. «LJ--*-er 

QG Libcar ian . • «•••**•• •• •• * • #•••«••«•• ■ • * * ••• • • Er • GanG L* Post 

32 Dean of students Dr. Kenneth V. Hills Sl * 

33 Associate Dean of Students Hr. Levis Thompson 

34 Assoc Dean Stdnts-Counsel ing Hrs. Sharcn Irvin 

26 Director of Public Relations.. Mr. Leon Wyss 


PORTERVILLE COLLEGE 

900 South Main, Porterville 93257 congressional District: 17 
County: Tulare FICE Identification: 001268 

Telephone (209) 781-3130 Entity Humber: 1-94-603-1257-A1 

Established 1927 Coad 

Enrollment: 2,283 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $0 
Control: state/local Semester 

highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s creditable 
Accreditation: VJ 

) 2 President Paul D. Alcantra 

13 Vice President..... Paul R. Kercher 

>5 Dean of Instruction Jackson B. Hargis 

13 Dean of Student Services Charles N. Guerrero 

19 Director of Buildings Grounds C. V. Uphoff 

75 Dean of Instruction Kero Pruitt 

70 Doan of Instruction Edvard H. Buckles 


2AHD GRA00ATB INSTIT DTE OF POLICY STUDIES 
1700 Main Street, Santa Monica 90406 

Congressional District: 27 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 010441 

Telephone (213) 393-0411 Entity Humber: 1-95-195-8142-A2 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 47 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: VC 

01 Director.. Dr. Charles Volf Jr. 


RIO HOHOO COLLEGE 

3600 Workman Mill Road, Whittier 90608 

Congressional District: 33 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001269 

Telephone (213) 652-0921 Entity Humber: 1 -95-600-6673-A1 

Established 19 60 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,503 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0. 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Jeans 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's dreditafcle 


Accreditation: WJ, tIDA, RSTH 
01 President.... 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs.. 
10 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs.... 

08 Head Librarian 

37 Director Student Affairs... 
15 Director Personnel Services 
26 Dean Community Services.... 

06 Registrar 

00 Dean Academic Affairs...... 

75 Dean Occupational Education 
51 Director Academic Affairs.. 


. Dr. Leonard A. Grandy 
. . . . Mr. Don L. Jenkins 
..tlr. Robert ll. Eisner 
Ms. Marilyn H. Houseman 
Hr. Alberto A. Carrillo 

Mrs. Susan Toman 

Mr. Yoshio C. Nakamura 

Mr. Mark Genera 

.... Dr. Frank O'Kelley 
Mr. Kenneth H. Knovlton 
Dr. Pedro H. Luna 


RIVERSIDE CITY COLLEGE 

4800 Magnolia Avenue, Riverside 92506 

Congressional District: 36 
County: Riverside FICE Identification: 001270 

Telephone (714) 604-3240 Entity Humber: 1-95-600-0929-B9 

Established 1916 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,400 

• Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 18 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, HDT 

01 president iz. Charles A. Kane 

04 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services.... Mr. John H. Matulicn 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr - Michael Haas 

05 Dean of Academic Services Dr. Howard B. Larsen 

10 Bus Hgr-Asst superintendent Mr. Gordon F. WooLey 

OB Asst Dean of Academic Services Hrs. Elizabeth M. Bigbee 

27 Public information Officer Ms. Jane Manning 

37 Assoc Dean Student Services Mr. Hate De Francisco 

38 Assoc Dean Student Services Mr. Evan Vail 

14 Director Computer Services Mr. Michael C. Miller 

15 Personnel Officer Mrs. Marihelle Krup 

19 Dir College Police Department Mr. Jerry Carlos 

25 Director Fiscal Operations.. Mrs. Evelyn Patndge 

06 Registrar Sandra Wittermyer 

56 Asst Dean of Academic Services Mr. I.ee B. Kraus 

75 Assoc Dean Occup Education Mr. Frank Budd 

66 Director of Nursing Dr. Brenda Davis 

70 Dir Admin of Justice Mr. Robert E. Blanchard 

68 Director of Athletics Mr. James Kross 

50 Director of Business Services Mr. Robert Garrett 


4 SADDLEBACK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

28000 Marguerite Parkway, Mission Viejo 92692 

Congressional District: 40 
County: Orange FICE Identification: 0089'B 

Telephone (714) 831-4500 Entity Number: 1-95-247-9872-A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 22,164 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : >0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ 

01 President.. . - Dr. R. A. Lombardi 

04 Assistant to President Dr. Edward A. Hart 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. William 0. Jay 

10 Business Manager Mr. Roy N. Earletta 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Jack A. Swartzbaugh 

15 Dean Administrative Services Dr. Rufus L. Platt 

08 Dir Library-Media services Mr. William H, Weisgerber 

27 public Information Director.... Hr, William L. Schreiber 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Mr. Robert G. Bosanko 

38 Dir Stdnt Counseling-Guidance Mr. Robert E. Jacobsen 

07 Dir of Admissions and Records Hr. Herman A. Schmidt 

25 Dir Grants 6 Res Development..... Ms. Shelba J. Robison 

50 Director of Business Sciences Dr, Arthur F. Croisette 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. Frank 0. Sciarrotta 

57 Director of Pine Arts Mr. Honte La Bonte 

68 Dir Health-Phy Ed-Recreation Hr. William L. Kelly 

66 Dir Hlth Sci and Gerontology Mrs. Delphine Eschbach 

54 Dir Mathematics-Engineering Mr. Calvin L. Nelson 

75 Dir Voc-Technical Programs....... Mr. Everett L. Brewer 

70 Director of Social Sciences Mr. William M. Williams 


+ SAINT JOHN'S COLLEGE 

5118 East Seminary Road, Camarillo 93010 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Ventura FICE Identification: 001299 

Telephone (805) 482-2755 Entity Number: 1-95- 164-2334-A 1 

Established 1939 Han 

Enrollment: 204 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,050 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 



CALIFORNIA 


Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: HC , THE OL 

01 president - Rev. James Galvin 

58 Vice Pres Graduate Division Rev. Charles Miller 

06 Vice Pres Undergrad Division Rev. Roy a. Persich 

10 Treasurer.. Hsgc. Eugene Frilot 

33 Dean Men Undergrad Division Rev. Gregory j. (Jiedower 

08 Librarian Undergrad Division Sr. Mary Ruth 

SAINT MARY'S COLLEGE OF CALIFORNIA 

Saint Mary’s College, Moraga 94575 Congressional District: 8 
County: Contra Costa PICE Identification: 001302 

Telephone (415) 376-4411 Entity Number: 1-94-115-6599-A1 

Established 1863 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,451 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,982 

Affiliation; Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

professional 
Accreditation; HC 

01 President Dro. Mel Anderson 

05 Academic Vice President Dro. William Beatie 

30 vice president for Development Dro. Jerome West 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. Hilliam D. McLeod 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Alan B. Holloway 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Leo E. Oakes 

06 Registrar Ms. Barbara C. Burton 

07 Dean of Admissions.. Hr. Peter J. Hohorko 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Raymond J. Hhite 

08 Librarian Bro. Casimir Reichlin 

29 Executive Director of Alumni..... Ms. Mary Pat Fink 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Michael Darner 

14 Director Computer Center Ms. Arlene Moody 

19 Dir of Security and Safety Mr. John Eilis 

38 Director Counseling... Ms. Sheri Richards 

36 Associate Dean of Students Ms. Patricia Svatfager 

68 Athletic Director-Hper Dr. Donald J. HcKillip 

53 Director of Teacher Education Dr. Paul J. Burke 

73 Director of Graduate Theology Bro. Timothy McCarthy 

58 Dir Graduate Business Programs Dr. Eric Hansen 

55 Dean of Extended Education Dr. Robert Roxby 

56 Dir External Degree Programs Dr. Nancy A. Dyar 

61 Director Paralegal Program Dr. Mary Ann Mason 

♦ SAINT PATRICK'S COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 151, Mountain View 94042 Congressional District: 12 
County: Santa Clara FICB Identification: 001303 

Telephone (415) 967-9501 Entity Numbers 1-94-1 1 5-6594-A 1 

Established 1898 Man 

Enrollment: 44 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,300 

Affiliation; Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Programs Liberal Acts and General; professional 
Accreditation: HC 

01 President..... Rev. Gerald L. Brown 

05 Dean of Studies Rev. Richard B. MacDonough 

10 Treasurer Rev. Hilliam J. Flanagan 

06 Registrar Mrs. Virginia Sullivan 

08 Librarian Mrs. Molly Lyons 

07 Vice President Rev. cale Crowley 


♦SAINT PATRICK'S SEMINARY 

320 Hiddlef ield Read, Menlo Park 94025 

Congressional District: 12 
County: San Mateo PICS Identification: 010074 

Telephone (415) 325-5621 Entity Number: 1-94-115-6604-A1 

Established 1894 , a 

Enrollment: 03 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate; No 
Undergraduates 
Program: professional 

Accreditation: HC, THEOL ’ , , , 

01 Rector........... Rev. Howard P. Bleichner 

05 Academic Dean and Vice Rector -- Rev. Patrick Browne 

10 Business Manager and Director Rev. Hilliam J. Flanagan 

06 Registrar.. Stanley Vatts 

08 Librarian... ; Rev. John P. Mattingly 

36 Director of Pleld Ed Rev. Willia]* L ; * na PP 

32 Dean of Students Rev- Gerald D. Coleman 

SAN BERNARDINO VALLEY COLLEGE 

701 S Mount Vernon Avenue, San Bernardino 92410 . 

Congressional District: 36 
County: s an Bernardino FICB Identification: 001272 

Telephone (7 14) 888-6511 Entity Number: 1-95-600-2754-A2 


Established 1926 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,705 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State> : $8 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. Arthur H. Jensen 

05 Adainv Dean Academic Affairs Dr. Byron R. Skinner 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Curtis Edwards 

07 Dean Adaissions-Counseling Ms. Betty H. G. McCarthy 

3B Assistant Dean of Counseling Dr. John F. Bancroft 

06 Assistant Dean Admissions Mr. Sylvester R. Patrick 

08 Librarian Hr. Elton E. Shell 

14 Director of Computer Center... Mr. Robert Kirk 

75 Assistant Dean Occup Education Mr. Harry smith 


SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

3375 Camino Del Rio South, San Diego 92108 

Congressional District: 41 
County: San Diego FICE Identification: 001273 

Telephone (714) 280-7610 Entity Number: 1-9S-264-4299-A4 

01 Chancellor Mr. Garland P. Peed 

10 Director Business Services Mr. Stuart K. Leonard 

26 Communications Director Mrs. Ardys H. Heise 

06 Student Pers services Director Dr. Sidney H. Brossman 

09 Provost Dr. Lawrence E. Davenport 

04 Adminv Services Director Dr. Cecil J. Hannan 

15 Director Personnel Services Dr. Hilliam K. Raastad 

45 Plant 6 Equipment Serv Dir Mr. Roy Hieghorst 

75 Dir Vocational Ed Services Mr. Clinton R. Ramann Jr. 

51 Pres Adult-Cont Education Dr. Phillip E. Del Campo 


♦♦SAN DIEGO CITY COLLEGE 

1313 12th Avenue, San Diego 92101 Congressional District: 42 
County: San Diego FICE Identification: 008895 

Telephone (714) 238-1101 Entity Number: 1-95-264-4299-A1 

Established 1914 ' Coed 

Enrollment: 4,626 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ 

02 President Dr. Allen J. Repashy 

03 Vice President Operations Hr. Hebert J. Nelson 

06 Dean of Student Services.. Mr. Charles E. Hampton 

04 Dean Administrative Services Mrs. Altha C. williams 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Bobby Hilson 

08 Dean of Instructional Support Mr. James B. Dark. 

10 Business Manager Mr. Hildreth Sherman 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. James E. Hilsgen 


♦♦SAN DIEGO MESA COLLEGE 

7250 Mesa college Drive, San Diego 92111 • , 

Congressional District: 4 1 
County: San Diego FICE Identification: 001275 

Telephone (714) 279-2300 Entity Number: 1-95-264-4299- A3 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,713 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-state) . »4 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HJ, IADVET, DA, HRT, PTAA, RAD 

n? President Be. Allen Brooks 

32 Dear of students Mrs. Mary B. Decker 

06 Dean Admissions and Records Mr. ■John E. exancy 

10 Business Manager Mr. Noel A. R^ells 

08 Librarian - •; r- 

25 Dean Instrl Rescc S Library Mrs. Jeanne L. 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Marvin b- 

75 Dean of occupational Education.......... Mr. Robert R. Arnold 

♦♦SAN DIEGO MIRAMAR COLLEGE 

10440 Black Mountain Road, San Distcic t: 43 

county: San Diego ; Identif ication ^012662 

Telephone (714) 271-7300 Entity Number: 1-95-264 4299 A6 

Established 1969 

Enrollment; 1,177 * n 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State; . 



CiiimBBIi. 


4B 


Control: State/Local Semester 

Bighast Offering: 2 But Leas Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
leer edit at ion: awo 

02 President Dr. George F. Yee 

05 Chief Acadenic Officer Dr. Thoyd 0. Latham 

06 Registrar.. Hr. Hazel Nelson 

08 Bead Librarian Ms. Carolyn Neman 

10 Chief Business Officer Dr. Noel Rozells 

13 Director Information office Ns. Shirley Cannon 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Hayaon Tinsley 

54 Director of Engineering He. Charles s. Elaae 

55 Dean of Evening Division. Hr. Loren R. Belker 

61 Director of Law Hr. Janes Palmer 

72 Director of Technology Hr. Bichard Rossmessler 


SAN FERNANDO VALLEY COLLEGE OP LAN 
6353 Sepulveda Blvd, Sepulveda 91343 

Congressional District: 21 
County: Los Angeles F1CB Identification: 012631 

Telephone {213) 894-5711 Entity Nuaber; 1— 95- 2 22- 50 1 6- A 1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Encollaent: 310 Ondergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: Pirst Professional; No Undergraduates 
Prograa: Professional 
Accreditation: awe 

01 Dean Hr. John Hoffer 

06 Regstr and Cir of Admissions. Ks. Laura Van Eyk 

0a Librarian Dr. Eileen Bouniol 

25 Controller Mrs. Dorothy Adans 

37 Director Pinancial Aid Mrs. Jean Beaulieu 

45 Dir Acad Planning-Developaent Hrs. Shirley Engel 


SAN FRANCISCO ART INSTITUTE 

600 Chestnut Street, San Francisco 94133 

Congressional District: 5 
County: San Francisco FICF Identification: 003948 

Telephone (4 15) 771-7020 Entity Nuaber: 1-94-119-6211-A 1 

Established 1871 Coed 

Enrollaont: 746 Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,92 0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Prograa: Professional 
Accreditation: VC, art 

01 President Stephen Goldstine 

05 Dean of the College Gectge Hanupalli 

07 Dean Adaissions- Financial Aid Lynn Tomka 

10 Director of Administration.... Chuck Acridge 

06 Registrar Mimi Low 

32 Student Life Coutselor Phillip Retsky 

librarian.. Sharon Chickanzeff 

27 Public Relations Officer Jessica Schwartz 

*SAN FRANCISCO COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 

50 Pheian Ave, San Francisco 94112 congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco PICE Identification: 029032 

Telephone (415) 239-3000 Entity Nuaber: 1-94-172-1925-A1 

Established 1856 

En rollaent: 24,331 t08a 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State/Local 1 seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: wj, DA, IDT, MAC, hrt, rat, btt 

10 Assistant Chancellor Business !r. Jun I«!oto 

45 Assoc Mr Facilities Planning ... Hr! Victors ££ 

09 Research Directct . "S* ,Sm?f,;®5*“ 

27 Public Information officer Hs* ' 

02 fres-City C San Francisco..... Dc , Kenneth ^ washin^™ 

05 Adminv Dean Instr-City College ! Sr/julesHraden 

06 Registrar-City College 

38 Act g Assoc Dean Guid-City C 1! *Dc* ’ sliiis’p mil 

32 Inters Adminv Dean Stdot Serv. ...... H r, R alnh n anill!! 

33 Asst Dean Stdnt-City College..... “ t , J ll J SB f n 

34 Asst Dean stdat-CitJ College. i :..:. . *1? 'L 1 ' 

08 Asst Dean Lib Secv-cty College.. Ms. ’idle i 

37 Asst Dean Pinan Aid-City 6 " 3 

14 Asst Dean Computer Serv-cty c Hr/canieAt inKn 

36 Asst Dean Stdnt Place-Cty C S3 S^rth u£n« 

02 intern Pres of Center Systei Hr. uinf, SrS,»«2? 

02 Dir Alemany community center n r , Billiaa e ztetn™ 

02 Dir Galileo C C center . *;**!,!*, Ir ! snoD 

02 Dir John Adams C C Center tit. lllllll Silled 

02 Mr Job. J O' Connell c c fob 


02 Dir Cnty College Skills Center Hr. Thomas R. Henderson 

02 Dir Mission C C Center Hr. Mario J, Berios 

02 Dir Downtown C C Center.. Dr. Carolyn S. Biesiadeck l 

02 Intern Dir Chinatown C C Ctr Mr. Saa Horn 

55 Dean Eve 6 Sumo Sch-Cty c Hr. Nacren R. White 

+SAN FRANCISCO COLLEGE OP MORTUARY SCIENCE 
1450 Post Road, San Francisco 94109 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco FICE Identification: 001277 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-94- 1 1 5- 6609-AI 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Poos: $0 

Control: Organized as profit Making 
lighest Offering: 

Program: 

Accreditation: HJ, FUSER 

SAN FRANCISCO CONSERVATORY OP MUSIC 

1201 Ortega Street, San Prancisco 94122 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco PICE Identification: Q0127B 

Telephone (415) 564-8086 Entity Number: 1-94- 1 15- 66 10-A1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 215 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 54,1.15 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Programs Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: VC, MUS 

01 President Hilton salklnd 

05 Dean Richard Howe 

10 Director of Administration Pat Berkovltz 

06 Director of student Services Colleen Katzowitz 

08 Librarian Viola flagopian 

26 Director of Public Relations Diana cohon 

SAN PRANCISCO THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 
2 Kensington Road, San Anselmo 94960 

Congressional District: 5 
County; Harin PICE identification: 001279 

Telephone (415) 453-2200 Entity Number: 1-94- 1 15- 6302- A1 

Established 1871 Cood 

Enrollment: 909 Undergraduate Tuition and Peas: $0 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.s.A. Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No undergraduates 
Prograa: Professional 
Accreditation: HC, THEOL 

01 President Dr. Arnold D. Coao 

30 Vice President Rev. Richard V. Bauer 

05 Dean of the Seminary Dr. Browne Harr 

10 Treas and Bus Adninistr ator Mr. Donald A. Duecr 

0B Librarian Rev. John Baker-Batsol 

32 Director of student Services Rev. John H. Irvine 

73 Dir Advanced Pastoral Studies Dr. John S. Had soil 

♦SAN JOAQUIN DELTA COLLEGE 

5151 Pacific Avenue, Stockton 95207 

Congressional District: «« 
County: San Joaquin PICE Identification; 001280 

Telephone (209) 478-2011 Entity Number: 1 -94- 600-0531 -A4 

Established 1935 „ Coed 

Enrollment: 19,232 

„ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) ; *1,300 

Control: State/Local Somoctec 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ, ADNUR, PNUR 

9, !5 es H eat * Dr. Dale P. Parnell 

3 Vice Pres Ngmt Services Mr. Lawrence A. Dorlcco 

05 Dean Instrl 6 stdnt Services.... Mr. Phillip H. LaughUft 

32 Dean Student-counsel Services me. Felice J. Rodoni 

45 Dean of supporting Services Dr. Marion K. Bandley 

14 Director of computet Services Mr, Jack W. Chandler 

an °! financial Aids.... . H c. Richard P. Bullard 

in °* !* earnin 9 Resources Mrs. Tobin G. Clacks 

ns n: of personnel Mrs. Rasheeda Riddlesperger 

nt illJ III Guidance counseling Hr. George P. Marguez 

in and Recocds Mrs. Margaret O'Connoll 

75 jqRfir L of finance.. Mr. Robert Yribarren 

55 Assor nltn !|? r S er education me. Dean H. McNeil ly 

71 112 ii!!n f V t n » n9 -m C - oU,?8 **** v Helen V. Palmar 

71 Asst Dean Special Projects......... 0r . Naomi Fitch 



4 9 


CALIPOaHlft 


♦ SAM JOSB EIBLi COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 109Q, San Jose 95108 Congressional District: 13 

County: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 001201 

Telephone (406) 293-9050 Entity Number: 1-94-127-9603-A1 

Established 1939 Coed 

Enrollment: 210 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 11,448 

Affiliation: Multiple Protestant Denominations Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President. Dr. Charles E. Boatman 

05 Academic Dean.... Mr. Pobert R. Sargent 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Hr. Hike Bovman 

30 Director of Development Mr. Mike Haxson 

06 Director Admissions-Registrar Mrs. Leeanna P. Meserve 

08 Assistant Librarian Mrs. Stella Satern 


SAN JOSE COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

4750 San Felipe Read, San Jose 95135 

Congressional District: 13 
County: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 029042 

Telephone (400) 274-6700 Entity Number: 1-9U-6Q2-0929-A7 

01 Acting Superintendent Dr. Richard Goff 

10 Acting Asst Superintendent Dr. Mary lleeney 

45 Dir Plant Plan Oper G Maint Mr. Philip Howry 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. Paul Loughlin 


+ ♦EVERGREEN VALLEY COLLEGE 

3095 Yerba Buena Road, San Jose 95121 

Congressional District: 13 

county: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 012452 

Telephone (400) 274-7900 Entity Number: 1-94-602-0929-B7 

Established 1975 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,676 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $10 

Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNUR 

02 President tr. Gerald H. Strelitz 

32 Director Student Services Vacant 

07 Dir Admissions and Records.... Robert (C. Broun 

37 Director of Financial Aids H. 0. WaLton 

30 Director Counseling Services Dr. Jon A. Kangas 

05 Provost Cluster Acacia Dr. Kenneth Harr 

00 Provost Cluster Roble DC. James Butzek 

62 Director Library-Media Ken Pauson 

51 Aide to Prov-Cont Education.. Ms. Yolanda G. Reynolds 

75 Aide to Prov-Occup Education Earl Webb 

53 Provost Education Services Dr. Marjorie K. Blaha 


*S AN JOSE CITY COLLEGE 

2100 Moorpark. Avenue, San Jose 95120 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 001282 

Telephone (400) 298-2101 Entity Number: 1-94-6 02-0929-A2 

Established 1921 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,493 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, IDA 

02 President Dr. Theodore I. Kurguia 

10 Superintendent Dr. Richard H. Goff 

06 Dir Admissions and Records... Mr. Robert L. Broun 

32 Dean of Student Services. ... Hr. T. J. Ovens 

08 Director of Library Services .. Hr. Russel Fischer 

36 Placenent Officer Hr. M. 0. Walton 

49 Interim Dean of Instruction Hr. Richard Casey 


SAN HATEO COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

3401 Csm Drive, San Mateo 94402 Congressional District; 11 
County: San Mateo PICB Identif ication: 004697 

Telephone (415) 574-6550 Entity Number: 1-94-60Q-2468-A2 

01 Chancellor Mr. Glenn P. Smith 

05 Director Education Services Mr. Robert Stiff 

10 Asst Supt Adiinv Services....... Mrs. Irene P. Bluth 

15 Assistant Supt of Personnel... . . Hr. Calvin B. Apter 

26 Ccmaun-Fub Info Officer Ms. Barbara Christensen 


14 Data Processing Officer.... Hr. Ronald B. Smith 

09 Educational Info officer Hr. James H . Upton 

30 Extnl Punding-Develop Officer Dr. Robert L. Bennett 

75 Occupational Program Officer Dr. Floyd Elkins 

♦CANADA COLLEGE 

4200 Farm Hill Blvd, Redwood City 94061 

Congressional District: 12 
County: San Mateo PICE Identification: 006973 

Telephone (415) 364-1212 Entity Number: 1 -94-600-2468- A7 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 0,783 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $0 

Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Eelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, RAD 

02 President Dr. Samuel A. Ferguson 

05 Dean of Instruction.. . . Mr. Jchn C. Williams 

00 Chairman of the Library Mrs. Plorence M. Chan 

09 Director of Special Projects Hr. Larry R. Williams 

32 Dean of Students Mr. John II. Greenalch 

30 Director of Counseling..... Mr. Joseph March! 

06 Registrar Hr. Jesse Guerrero 

10 Director of Operations Hr. John It. Rhoads 

50 Director of Business.. Hr. Richard S. Claire 

57 Director of Humanities Hr. John Friesen 

70 Director of Social Sciences. Ms. Harie-Louise Bishop 

54 Dir Basic and Applied Sciences Mr. John c. Forsythe 

71 Dir Spec Programs and Service Mrs. Ella T. Gray 

♦♦COLLEGE OF SAN HATEO 

1700 West Hillsdale Blvd, San Mateo 94402 

Congressional District: 1 1 
County: San Mateo FICE Identification: 001181 

Telephone (415) 574-6161 Entity Number: 1 -94-600-24 60- A9 

Established 1922 Coed 

Enrollment: 15,063 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) t $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Eelov Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNUR, DA 

02 President Dr. Lois A. Callahan 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Gilbert B. Gossett 

37 Director of Special Services.... Mr. Philip ». Morse 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. Allan n. Bcovn 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. Herbert n. Warne 

00 Librarian Gladys Chav 

10 Director of Operations Mrs. Lynn Pontacq 

38 Director Counseling Services.... Hs. Aline Fountain 

55 Dir Continuing Education Mr. Michael B. Kimball 

50 Director Business Division Mrs. Cecilia A. Hopkins 

57 Dir Fine-Perform Arts Div.. Hr. Leo H. Itardes 

49 Dir Language Arts Division Hr. Wilson G. Pinney 

68 Dir Phy Ed-Athletics Division Mr. Cliff G. Giffin 

69 Dir Ser v-lllth Cars Division Mr. Jchn c. Hilliaos 

53 Dir Math-Science Division Hr. Robert W. Smith 

70 Dir Social Science Division... Mr. Michael J. Clemens 

72 Director Technology Division Mr. Paul Y. Lin 


♦SKYLINE COLLEGE 

3300 College Drive, San Bruno 94066 

Congressional District: 11 
County: San Mateo FICE Identification*. 007713 

Telephone (415) 355-7000 Entity Number: 1- 94-600-24 68-A0 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,705 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, RSTH 

02 President.... Hr. James C. Wyatt 

05 Dean of instruction..... Mr. Gus J. Petropoulos 

32 Dean of Student Services.. Yacant 

34 Supervisor Counseling Services..... Mr. Mario Lombardi 

06 Registrar.. ..Mr. Dennis p. Arreola 

10 Director of Operations...., Hr. David G. Biddinger 

38 Director Special Services Mr, William R. Cornejo 

51 Dir of Instructional Services Mr. Edvard J. Valeau 

49 Division Director-Sciences Mr. Donald D. Biederman 

70 Division Dir'eiS'tor-Soc Sciences Ms. Judith H. Watkins 

50 Division Director of Business Mr. Harold R. Ilartzell 

57 Div Dir-Cosaun and Fine Arts..... Ms. Susanne Stevens 

68 Div Dir-Athletics and Recr Ed Mr, Walter Rilliet 



SU1IQUU. 


50 


SANTA COLLEGE 

17th at Bristol, Santa Ana 92706 Congressional District: 30 
County: Orange FICE Identification: 001284 

Telephone (714) 035-3000 Entity Number: 1-95-269-6799-A1 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 15,104 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : SO 
Control: State/Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. William Wenrich 

03 Vice Pres Student Affairs.... Dr. Heal L- Rogers 

10 Vice Pres Fiscal Affairs.... Dr. Robert Hatthew 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Diehard J. Sneed 

00 Director of Fiscal Services,. Hr. Gilbert Moreno 

45 Adminv Dean Plan-Developoent Dr. Vernon L. Armstrong 

07 Dean Adaissions-Resoarch Dr. Harold H. Bateman 

37 Assoc Dean Support Services. Mr. Ara Boranian 

36 Dean of Counseling... Hr. David Guznan 

06 Director of Library Services.......... Mr. Holland E. Boepple 

14 Director of Computer Services...... Mr. Jack V. Breglio 

15 Director of Personnel............ Hr. Peter Parra 

32 Aescc Dean-Student Activities.... Mr. Donald McCain 

51 Admin? Dean Cont Education Mr. George Osborn 

50 Dean Business Division * Hr. Richard P. Brunell 

75 Dean Occupational Education...... Ms. Kathy J. Lusk 

49 Dean App Arts and Sci Division Ms. Donna Faraer 

57 Dean Humanities Division Dr. Roseann Cacciola 

70 Dean Social Sciences Division Mr. Lee H. Layport 

72 Dean Sci-Technical Division Mr. Dean R. Strenger 

6B Dean Phy Ed and Athletics Mr. Douglas Gorrie 

5AKTA BARBARA CITY COLLEGE 

721 Cliff Drive, Santa Barbara 93109 

Congressional District: 19 
County: Santa Barbara FICE Identification: 001285 

Telephone <805) 965-0581 Entity Number: 1-95-600-0940-A2 

Established 1908 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,114 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-State) : J10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
, Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADN0R, IDA, RAC 
01 President... Dr. David H. Mertas 

05 Adminv Dean of Instruction Mr. Pat L. Huglin 

10 Asst supt of bus Services.... Mr. Charles L. Hanson 

32 Adminv Dean Student Services. Dr. Alfred I. Silvera 

06 Asst Dean Admis and Records Mrs. lynda F. Rodrigues 

04 Assistant to the President..., Hr. Burton P. Miller 

15 Affirm Actn-Perscnnel Director............... Hr. Daniel Oroz 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. William ». Whitmore 

27 College Information officer Mr. James M. Williams 

37 Coord Place and Finan Aids Hr. William J. Cordero 

08 Librarian..... hs. Virginia L. Rowley 

3B Head Counselor Hr. Glenn Gaston 

51 Adminv Dean of Cent Education...... cr. Martin H. Bobgan 

55 Asst Da an Eva Col-Sunn Sess Mr. John B. Rono 

75 Asst Dean Occup and Career Ed Mr. Kelvin J. Elkins 

66 Asst Dean Health Occupations Miss Shirley L. Conklin 

SAHTA HOHICA COLLEGE 

1900 Pico Boulevard, Santa Monica 90405 

„ Congressional District: 27 

County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 0012B6 

Teie phone (213) 450-5150 Entity Humber: 1-95-276-7537-A 1 

Established 1929 Coed 

Enrollment: 17,4 3S 

Undergraduate Tuition and Feea(ln-State) : $30 
Control: State/local Senester 

Highest offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

ac ? re f i n ent ' I '1 *' I * Richard L. Hoore 

05 Asst Superintendent Education James B. Fugle 

10 Asst Supt Business Services.......... Thomas J. Donner 

00 Asst Dean Student Activities Norman Curry 

36 Vice Pres Stdnt Fers Service .; Archie H . Horrison 

15 Adminv Dean Personnel Services Benita D. Haley 

07 Dean of Admission and Records Gordon A. Newman 

38 Dean Counseling and Guidance..... Donald F, Blemker 

08 Librarian.. js^gjioraa G. Nyguist 

06 Registrar .^Arthur C. Verge 

14 Director Information Process Donald 2. Krehbiel 

49 Dean of Math and Science Dorothy T. Gelvin 

37 Coordinator of Financial .Aids. Leonard Schleichkorn 


32 Asst Dean Student Services Alfred T. Quinn 

75 Dean Occupational Education Herbert L. Schlacksan 

51 Adminv Dean Cmty Serv-Students Herbert E. Roney 

50 Coordinator of Business Darroch p. Young 

68 Coordinator Physical Education James C. D'Angelo 

00 Dean Hummanities John il. Cashin 


SANTA ROSA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

1501 Mendocino Avenue, Santa Rosa 95401 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Sonoma FICE Identification: 001287 

Telephone (707) 527-4011 Entity Number: 1 -94-603-3759-H 

Established 1918 Coed 

Enrollment: 16,877 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $32 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ , DA, RAD, RSTI1 
01 President... Dr. Roy Mikalson 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Hr. Clarence Tauzer 

45 Assoc Dean Adminv Services Hr. Earl Johnson 

10 Dean of Business Services Mr. William Wilber 

06 Asst Dean Admis and Records Hr. John Rooney 

08 Librarian Mr. William Pettas 

32 Dean of Student Services Hr. Kenneth llolback 

14 Data Processing Coordinator Mr. Robert Schooling 

36 Coord Work Experience Mr. Henry Gronroos 

15 Personnel Officer Mr. Ron Cataraha 

38 Director Student Counseling Mrs. Evelyn Pollard 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mrs. Pamela Herrington 

19 Director Campus Security Mr. Terry Stowart 

26 Public Information Officer Mrs. Mary Carey 

33 Asst Dean-Student Activities Mr. Eugene Canevari 

49 Assistant Dean of Instruction... Dr, Ernest Martinez 

51 Dean Adult and Cont Education Mr. Jack Mealy 

66 Dir Assoc Deg Nursing Program Mrs, Joan Boracky 

75 Associate Dean of Instruction Mr. Charles BeldfiD 


♦SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY AT CLAREMONT 

1325 N College Avenue, Claremont 91711 

Congressional District: 35 
county: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001288 

Telephone (714) 626-3521 Entity Number: 1-95- 190-4355-U 

Established 1005 Coed 

Enrollment: 216 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Multiple Protestant Denominations Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program; Professional 
Accreditation: WC, theol 

01 President Dr. Richard V. Cain 

04 vice President Administration Dr. Buford A, Dickinson 

05 Dean Dr. Joseph lloogh 

32 Assistant Dean Mrs. Christine Athans 

30 Vice Pres for Development M-r. J. Richard Palmar 

10 Business Manager Hr. Carrol Aguillacd 

08 Director of the Library Dr. James A. Overbeck 

SHASTA COLLEGE 

1065 N Old Oregon Trail, Redding 96099 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Shasta FICE Identification: 001289 

Telephone (916) 241-3523 Entity Number: 1-94-600-2M63-A1 

Established 1948 Coed 

Enrollment: 1 1 , 139 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $16 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Yeats 
Program: Terminal Occupational Eelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President Dr. Dale A. Hiller 

10 Vice Pres for Bus Services............ Mr. Kenneth ». cerrsta 

32 vice Pres for student Affairs.... Mr. Waiter L. Brooks 

05 instructional Vice President Mr. George KUtras 

07 Assoc Dean Admis 6 Records Dr. Margaret L. Doainici 

33 Dean Spec Serv and Outreach..... Mr. Daniel P. AXtnan 

08 Librarian Ms. lydia io 

09 Institutional Research Officer Ms. Leslie A, Vinegar 

06 Chief Records Technician.... Ms.. Phillis C. Fischer 

15 Personnel Officer Mr. Robert H. Armstrong 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mrs. Benna J. Stacrett 

Jo Director student Counseling Mr. Edward Petersen 

36 Student Placement Officer............ Mrs. Cerena B. Peterson 

14 Data Processing Manager Mr. Joseph L. Thorpe 

69 Director Handicapped Services. .. Hr. Parker Pollock 

75 Dean of Vocational Education... ...... Mr. Lloyd L. Livingston 



CALI £021! 13 


51 


SIERRA COLLEGE 

5000 Rocklin Road, Rocklin 95677 Congressional District: 1 
County: Placer FICE Identification: 001290 

Telephone (916) 624-3333 Entity Number: 1- 94-603-1260-A1 

Established 1914 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,702 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HO 

01 Superintendent-President...,; Cr. Gerald c. Angove 

05 Asst Supt for Instruction Dr. Jaaes R. Hardt 

10 Asst Supt for Business George E. Alaan 

32 Asst Supt for Student Services Lewis F. Caoillucci 

06 Dean of Adais Fee and Counsel Donald A. Brophy 

14 Dean of Conputer Services Donald E. Price 

15 Director of Personnel Peter Kolster 

38 Dir student Special Services . Eileen Dickson 

08 Director of Learning Resources William R. Pierce 

27 Public Information Officer Dennis N. Beverage 

45 Facilities Planner Ronald K. Bryant 

75 Dean of Instruction Services Martin E. Jack 

55 Chran Cmty 6 cont Education Prank. D. strong 

68 Director of Athletics Honor D. Ostrom 

50 chrmn Bus-Tech Ed Division Nancy Berman 

49 Chairman Sciences Division Wearl Gish 

57 Chairman Humanities Division Loren E. Ocr 

37 Dir student Financial Services Paul Mendoza 


SIMPSON COLLEGE 

001 Silver Avenue, San Francisco 94134 

Congressional District: 6 
County: San Francisco PICE Identification: 001291 

Telephone (4 15) 334-7400. Entity Numbers 1-94-1 33-9635-A1 

Established 1921 Coed 

Enrollment: 285 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,150 

Affiliation: Christian and Missionary Alliance Church 4-1r4 
Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: RC , BI 

01 President.. Dr. nark w. lee 

45 Vice President Dr. Hugh W , Humphries 

05 Acad Dean-Dir Admissions Dr. Howard W. Lav 

10 Treasurer-Business Manager Mr. David E. Lambert 

3? Financial Aid..... Mrs. Jodie M . Collins 

32 Dean-Coord Stdnt Placement Mr. Paul E. Kress 

34 Associate Dean Miss Delinda L. Robinson 

06 Registrar Miss Eleanor M. Rlter 

08 librarian Mr. Miles S. Compton 

36 Director of Student Placement Dr. Marilyn C. Hovland 

58 DeaD of Graduate Programs Dr. Clinton L. Sparks 

56 Dean of Extension Dr. Clinton 1. Sparks 

SOLANO COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 246, Suisun city 94585 Congressional District: 4 

County: Solano FICE Identification: 001292 

Telephone (707) 064-7000 Entity Number: 1-94-600-2197-A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,907 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NJ 

01 Superintendent-President Mr. William H. Wilson Sr. 

05 Asst Supt and Vice President Dr. C. Thomas Hosley 

10 Dean of Business Services Dr. Fredrick Nightingale 

32 Dean of student Services Mr. Martin L. Mini 

36 Assoc Dean Cccup Education Mr. Carl Everett 

06 Asst Dean Admissions-Records Mrs. Marva Canada 

00 Director of Learning Resources Dr. Donald- Kirkorian 

37 Dir Financial Aids-Placeaent Mr. Salvador Alcala 

14 Director of Computer Services. Mr. Ernest Broughton 

30 Dir of Counseling 6 Guidance Mr. Araond Phillips 

27 Community Service officer Mrs. Christina March 

50 chran Bus Education Division.. Mr. John Locarnini 

59 Chran Fine and Applied Arts Mrs. Carol Bishop 

60 Chrmn Hlth-Phy Bd Division Dr- Jericho Faurea 

49 chrmn Language Arts Division Mrs. Kathy Rosengren 

54 Chrmn Science-Math Division Ms. Mary Buckley 

70 Cbrmn Social Science Division Mr. Gerald Korte 

75 Cbiran Trade-Technical Division Mr. Carl Everett 

■x .v 


♦SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA COLLEGE 

55 Fair Drive, Costa Mesa 92626 Congressional District: 40 
County: Orange PICE Identification: 001293 

Telephone (714) 556-3610 Entity Number: 1-95-610-2272-ftl 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollment: 676 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,240 

Affiliation: Assemblies of God Church 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: RC , APCP 

01 President Mr. Wayne E. Kraiss 

05 Academic Dean..... Dr. Levis Wilson 

10 Business Manager Mr. Kenneth Clewett 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Melvin Johnson 

03 Librarian Mr. Kenneth. Tracy 

06 Registrar * Mr. Keith Ewing 

07 Admissions Coordinator....... Hr. Robert Wilson 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. John W. Lackey 

30 Director of Development Mr. Roy Matthews 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Ms. Deborah Rush 


SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF OPTOMETRY 

2001 Associated Road, Fullerton 92631 

Congressional District: 39 
County: Orange FICE Identification: 001230 

Telephone (714) 870-7226 Entity Number: 1-95- 164-4593- A 1 

Established 1904 Coed 

Enrollment: 371 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: UC, OPT 

01 President Dr. Richard L. Hopping 

05 Dean Dr. Douglas H. Poorraan 

10 Comptlr-Chief Business Officer Mr. Cameron Denson 

30 Development Officer.....*.....,. Mr. Charles Leining 

07 Dir Admissions and Records.... Dr, Lorraine I, Voochees 

26 Director Public Relations. Mrs. Jean 0. Pappas 

29 Director Alumni Relations.... Hr. Robert A. Williams 

08 Librarian Mrs. Patricia Carlson 

15 Director Personnel Services......... Mrs. Sue Nelson 

37 Dir Stdnt Finan Aid-Counseling . ... Ms. Barbara Shoenor 

♦SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF ARCHITECTURE 

1800 Berkeley Street, Santa Monica 90404 

Congressional Districts 27 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 029084 

Telephone (213) 829-34B2 Entity Number: 1-95-270- 9308-A1 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 300 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,260 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: ARCH 

01 Director.. Hr. Raymond L. Kappe 

03 Vice President Mr. Killian Sinonian 

06 Registrar and Librarian Mr. Michael Ranzano 

07 Admissions Counselor Ms. Ruth Chernik 


♦-SOUTHWESTERN COLLEGE 

900 otay Lakes Road, Chula Vista 92010 

congressional District: 42 
County: San Diego FICE Identification: 001294 

Telephone (714) 421-6700 Entity Number: 1 -95- 600-6659 -At 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment; 11,596 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta,te) : $0 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

01 President...... Mr. Chester S, Devore 

05 Vice President of Instruction... Dr. Donald L, Singer 

32 Vice Pres Student Services...... Mr. Saxon Wraith 

08 Head Librarian. .......................... . Mrs. Lois Harriott 

10 Dean of Business services... Mrs. Christine R. Eldred 

15 Administrative Dean..... Mr. Edvard Thorton 

45 Facilities Planner Nr. James Donnell 

07 Dean of Admissions and Records.. ...... Dr. Jaaes Klein 

09 Dean Res and Data Processing............ Dr. Allan HacDougall 

38 Dean of Counseling 6 Guidance...;,...... Ns. Barbara Bloucock 

49 Dean Social Science Division............. Dr. Julio R. Garcia 

72 Dean Technology Division.......... Dr, Leroy Olson 

75 Dean of Instructional Services. .............. Dr. Thomas Hahn 

50 Dean Business Division. ................ , Mrs, Sherrill Amador 

57 Dean of Pine Arts.......... Mrs. Ann Stephenson 

68 Dean of Physical Education. .. ... ...... Dr, Frank Giardina 

66 Dean Health Science Division......,,....,. Mrs. Mician Breaux 



SUUQim 


.52. 


! SOUTH SB STERN UNIVERSITY SCI1CCL OF LAN 

67S S Westmoreland Awe. Los Angeles District; 2 , 

Counts: Los Angeles PICE identLf Ration: 001 295 

Telephone (213) 360-4000 Entity Number: 1-95-124 6140^1 

fnMlllHu Zl* "^graduate Tuition and Fees^SO 

highest' Of f e cing^Fics t Prof ess ional; No Undecgc aduates 
Program: Professional 
ftcct editation: LAW Dr> Paul H . nildman 

01 president * Hc< Leigh ». Taylor 

05 Hr! 4 illian J. ttorris Jr. 

10 Treasurer n cs . Bhoda Johnson 

0b Registrar q c . David Sen 

1“ sector of Data Processing Si. Lind! H. Colley 

30 Director of Development....... n Ucott 

36 Director of Career Developoent Ms * 

* 5TAHFORD 011 IV BR SIT Y 

_ , nii-jnsk Congressional District: 12 

Clara FICE Identification: 001 305 

Tele phone (4 15) 491-2300 Entity lluaber: 1-94-115-6365-11 

InwllieSt? llfloe Undergraduate Tuition and Peas: Q “^ 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
11i4hest Offering: Doctorate 

Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General: Passional 
Accreditation: VC, apcp, bus. EHG, 

5 5 D ;siV;:;;2 

10 Vice Pres Business- Finance • • * * pnhnrt^H Rosenzweig 

26 Vice Pres Public Affairs Dt • ®^ert H. Bosenzeeig 

45 Vice Provost Budget-Pian Dr. Say B ond F. Bj«betti 

01 Dean of Admissions H Lliv Mahonev 

06 Registrar and Assoc Provost IV’cKrll! R* Dickens 

14 Dir Ctr for Info Processing nr R^llh V Keller 

36 Director of Placenent Service Dr. Ralph Kell 

08 Director University Libraries Hr. David Heber 

37 Director of Financial Aids Dr. Robert P. Butt 

32 Dean of Student Affairs ^r Rohert B Parker 

15 Director of Perscnnel. <£• J* Havers 

27 Director of Hews service.... Mr. Robert ». Beyer 

29 Director of Alunni Association Mr. Villiao E. Stone 

71 »qat Provost-Dir Sunm Sessions Dr. nicnaei uoan 

63 Acta Vice Pres Hed-Dean Ned Dr. Lawrence Crowley 

58 Vice Prov Fac-Dean Grad stdies Dr. 5; h l ' r ^“Sdioke 

50 Act g Dean Grad School Business " C \ ° !n, v S 

65 Dean School of Earth Sciences Dr. Allan V. cox 

53 Dean of School of Education •;* “• 1 % 

54 Dean of Schcol of Engineering Dr. Killian N. Kays 

4 9 Dean Sch Hun and Sciences Dr. Halsey L. Boy den 

61 Dean of the Schocl of Law Hr. Charles Heyets 

STARR KING SCHCOL FCR THE MINISTRY 

2441 Le conte Avenue, Berkeley 94709 • _ , ~ 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 004080 

Telephone (415) 845-6232 Entity Humber: 1-94-119-6217-A1 

Established 1904 . , . „ Coa ^ 

Enrollment: 50 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Unitarian Universalist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Waster's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: T11EOL 

01 President... Dr. Robert C. Kimball 

04 Assistant to the President.. Hrs. Marie E. Bishop 

STATE CENTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

T525 East Heldon Avenue, Fresno 93704 

Congressional District: 15 
County; Fresno F1CE Identification: 001306 

Telephone (209) 226-0720 Entity Number: 1-94- 157-4802-A3 

01 chancellor Hr. John S. Uansen 

05 Vice Chanc Education-Personnel Dr. Edith A. Freligh 

10 Vice Chancellor for Business. Hr. Kenneth S. Kheeler 


♦ FRESH 0 CITY C CL LEGE 

1101 University Avenue, Fresno 93741 


Established 1910 Coed 

Enrollment: 15, 33 “ Und er graduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : S5 

Control: State/Local Seaestci 

Offerinq: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 

cl * de c - 

3 °2 S Itll of £ l K5 

10 campus Business Manager.... Mr. Richard l. Cleland 

06 Assoc Dean Admin and Records Dr. Ivan N, Lasher 

38 Assoc Dean Counseling-Guidance “ rs * Jill Li' 

08 Assoc Dean Learning Resources U HC ' Saahec 5 

27 Dir Cmty Serv Cont Education Mr. Robert F. Arroyo 

09 Director Research and Planning «r. Gerald J. Fries 

36 Dir Stdnt Place-Financial Aid Hr. Donald G. Vatson 

50 Assoc Dean Business Division Ml, Gervase Ec enrod 

49 Assoc Dean of Hum Division Dr. Carl D. Vaddle 

M »”oc Dean Hath sci En, C Div »»* 

53 assoc Dean Soc Sci Division Mr. 0. Gerald Stokle 

69 Assoc Dean Kith Arts G Sci Div "*• Martin D. Brown 

72 Assoc Dean Tech G Industl Div ” 

75 Assoc Dean Occup Education Mr. Gerald J. .ties 

♦KINGS RIVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

5 c 5 , 5 u »"tr th p C :r„o' ’ ee,11 ' y ” 65 " ,s*. , ssa?u.si::;isii!! 

«3e-3«in mi*? ««*!>«■ »>««•» 

Established 1926 Loeo 

Enr oilmen . , un dergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State): $10 

Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 

o/pr r p fident i0n: " " ' ^ Dr. Ra * *• CatUni 

JJ EE ^SiSSJiH. '“r^sTiSs 

08 Assoc Dean Learning Resources 5J; d , ' 1 ® ya „ * 

15 Personnel Manager...... Hls - PEed ® r H * St 

27 Public information officer * * * * ,”5*. ay ^‘ 

09 Assoc Dean-Prog G Soc Science H C. V 1 

49 Assoc Dean-Instrl Resources. Dr. r S SSiJl 

15 Actg Assoc Doan-Occupa t. lona 1 Mt. Jerry Backl y 


TAFT COLLEGE 

29 Emmons Park Drive, Taft 93260 


Congressional District: 19 
FICE Identification: 001309 


Te lephone^OOS) 763-4202 Entity Number: 1 -9 5 - 2 2 6 - G« 6 1 - A ♦ 

Established 1922 LCh - a 

, Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (In-State) ; $0 
Control: State/Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than « Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s: 4i-Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 


Accreditation: HJ 



















. .. Mrs. Dorothy K. Parrott 






.... Mr. Dennis vanderverff 







55 

Dean Cmty Serv-Evening College.... 



County: Fresno 
Telephone (209) 442-4600 


Congressional District: 15 
FICE Identification: 001307 
Entity Number: 1-94-157-4802-A 1 


UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY 
10455 Pomerado Road, San Diego 92131 

Congressional District: fll 
County: San Diego FICE identification: OOI15J 

Telephone (714) 271-4300 Entity Number: 1 -95-186-6064*11 

Established 1952 . 

Enrollment: 2,893 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: >J»4i 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quart*! 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory}- 
Professional 
Accreditation: HC 

01 President Dr. Hiilian C. Hus- 

02 Executive vice president........ Dr. Vayne L. Allien 



53 


CALIFORNIA 


03 Vice President Public Affairs. 
33 Vice Pres for student services 
36 Die of Tests and Measurements. 
32 Director of student Affairs... 

10 Business Manager 

27 coordinator of Public Affairs. 

06 Reg istrar 

26 Director of Public Relations.. 

07 Dir Finan Aid-Admis Evaluation 

36 Director of Placeaent 

50 Dean Grad Sch Eus Admin 

58 Dean Grad Sch-Hunan Behavior.. 
53 Dean School of Education...... 

57 Dean Sch Perf orm-Visual Arts.. 
49 Dean Undergraduate studies.... 


Mr. Randall C. Phillips 
... Dr. A." J. Palaiotto 
. Dr. Frederick R. Korf 
. Mrs. Mary B. McDonald 
.. tic. Robert c. Dexter 
.. Mr. Cyrus H. Greaves 

Hrs, Pearl Reis 

Mr. John Hogan 

.. Mrs. Judith A. Levis 
.. Mr. Bertram McDonald 

Dr. David Feldman 

Dr. W. Ray Rucker 

... Dr. Dale G. Hacreus 

... Dr. Donald E. Smith 
Dr. Dave l. Gates 


UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SYSTEMWIDE ADMINISTRATION 
• CENTRAL OFFICE 'JMVID 

(S-AfiJiA/Ffh* 

2200 University Avenue, Berkeley 94720 ■pA&a aUt^ 

Congressional Districts 8 
county: Alameda FICE Identification: 001311 

Telephone (415) 642-6000 Entity Number: 1- 94-603-6493-A1 

01 president David s. Saxon 

03 Vice President of University..... Killian B. Fretter 

05 Academic Vice President Donald C. Svain 

15 vice Pres Acad-staff Pers Rel Archie Kleingartner 

10 Vice Pres Budget Plans G Rel Thomas E. Jenkins 

37 Vice Pres-Fin G Bus Management Baldvin G. Lanson 

26 Spec Asst to Pres Govt Rel i Lovell J. Paige 

04 Exec Asst to the President.... David A. Wilson 

47 Vice Pres Agrl Sciences James B. Kendrick Jr. 


•UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA- BERKELEY 

Berkeley 94720 Congressional District: 0 

County: Alameda FICB Identification: 001312 

Telephone (415) 642-6000 Entity Number: 1-94-600-2123-A1 

Established 1868 Coed 

Enrollment: 30,445 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3766 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, ARCH, DUS, CLPSY, DIET, EIETI, ENG, FOR, 
HSA, JOUR, LAW, LIB, LSAR, OPT, PH, SW 


02 Chancellor Ira M. Heyman 

03 Vice Chancellor.. Roderick B. Park 

10 Vice Chancellor Administration Robert F. Kexley 

32 Vice chanc Student Services Norvel L. Smith 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Robert L. Bailey 

08 University Librarian Joseph A. Rosenthal 

04 Executive Assistant Chancellor Glen H. Grant 

37 Dir Financial Aid G Employment John I. Danielson 

4 5 Asst Chanc Budget and Planning Errol W. Hauchlan 

14 Director of Computer Affairs M. Stuart Lynn 

27 Public Affairs Officer Richard p. HaCnar Jr. 

05 Assoc Vice Chanc Acad Develop Vacant 

30 Asst Chancellor Development Richacd E. Erickson 

29 Exec Dir Alumni Association R. Scott Sherman 

15 Asst Vice Chanc Empl Affairs Francis X. Small 

25 Manager Sponsored Projects August G. Manza 

38 Dir Counsel-Psychological Serv Jane D. Moorman 

36 Dir Car Planning 6 Placement James I. Briggs 

71 Director of Summer Sessions John T. Wheeler 

5B Dean of the Graduate Division William A. Shack 

56 Dean of University Extension Milton R. Stern 

49 Actg Prov-Dean Letters G Scl Hugh R. McLean 

61 Dean of Lav .... Sanford it. Kadish 

63 Dean of Optometry Jay H. Enoch 

54 Dean of Engineering Karl S. Pister 

48 Dean of Environmental Design.... Richard Bender 

65 Dean of Natural Resources...... David E. Schlegel 

50 Dean Business Administration Earl F. Cheit 

70 Dean of Social Welfare Harry Specht 

62 Dean of Libra clanship Michael K. Buckland 

69 Dean of Public Health Warren Winkelstein Jr. 

53 Dean of Education Robert Karplus 

60 Dean of Journalism Edwin R. Bayley 


•UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA- DA VIS 

Davis 95616 
County: Yolo 

Telephone (9 16) 752-1011 
Established 1905 
Enrollment : 17,950 

Undergraduate 

control: state 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 


Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 001313 
Entity Number: 1-94-603-6494-A1 

coed 

Tuition and Pees(ln-State) : $769 

Quarter 


Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, APCP, ENG, LAW, MED, MT, VET 

02 Chancellor Dr. James 11. Meyer 

04 Exec Asst to the Chancellor.... Ms. Lorena J. Herrig 

03 Executive Vice Chancellor. Dr. Elmer W. Learn 

05 Vice chanc Academic Affairs...... Dr. Leon II. Mayhev 

10 Vice Chanc Business G Finance Du. James F. Sullivan 

30 Asst to Chanc for Development Mr. John L. Jiardie 

32 Vice Chanc for Student Affairs Dr. Thomas B. Dutton 

15 Asst Vice Chanc Staff Affairs . Mr. Dennis W. Shimek 

45 Asst Vice Chanc Plan Budget Mr. Robert W. Glock 

09 Dir Institutional Research Hr. Thomas E. Lindholtz 

27 Public Information Officer Mr. Robert C. Bynum 

06 Asst Vice Chanc Stdnt Affairs.. Dr. Maynard C. Skinner 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Gary Tudor 

08 University Librarian Dr. Bernard Kreissman 

34 Dean of Women Ms. Ruth E. Anderson 

38 Director of counseling Center.... Mr. Fredric Eigenbrod 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Marvin R. Hensley 

36 Director of Placement Services... Hr. Verne H. Scott 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Dennis R. Ojakangas 

56 Dean of Extended Learning......... Dr. Richard c. Dorf 

50 Dean Graduate Division Dr. Allen G. Marr 

47 Dean of Agriculture...................... Dr. Charles E. Hess 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. John D. Kemper 

49 Dean of Letters and Science Dr. Lawrence J, Andrews 

61 Acting Dean of Law Dr. Floriah Bartosic 

63 Acting Dean of Medicine Dr. Hibbard E. Williams 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine.. Dr. William R. Pritchard 

65 Assoc Dean Envrnntl studies Dr. Fcancisco J. Ayala 


♦UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA HASTINGS COLLEGE OP LAW 

198 McAllister Street, San Francisco 94102 

Congressional District: 5 
County: San Prancisco FICE Identification: 003947 

Telephone (415) 557-3260 Entity Number; 1 -94-600- 1 347-C8 

Established 1878 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,470 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-Sta te) : SO 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: LAW 

02 Dean and Acting Chancellor... Dert S. Prunty 

06 Academic Dean Barbara A. Caulfield 

08 Librarian Dan F * Henke 

32 Associate Dean Student Affairs. Jane Peterson 

09 Asst Chancellor-Administration Milton Von Damn 

36 Director of Lav Placement Maureen Johnson 


•UNIVERSITY OF CALI FORNI A-IRYZNE 

Irvine 92717 Congressional District: 

County: Orange FICE Identification: 001314 

Telephone (7 14) 833-501 1 Entity Number: 1 -95-222-6406- A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: • 10, 033 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $768 
Control: State • Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC , BBT , ENG, IPSY, MED, MT, RAD 


02 Chancellor Daniel G. Aldrich Jr. 

03 Executive Vice chancellor Janes L. McGaugh 

10 Vice Chanc Adninv 6 Bus Sarv Leon M. Schwartz 

05 Assoc Vice Chanc Acad Aff Carl F. Hartman 

06 Registrar.... John W. Brovn 

07 Director of Admissions James E. Dunning 

08 University Librarian... Calvin J. Boyer 

32 Vice Chare student Affairs John M. Whiteley 

26 Asst Chanc Univ Rol G Develop. Michael J. Kearney 

45 Asst Chanc Adminv Affairs .............. . Raaon Curiel 

37 Director of Financial Aids. Otto V. Reyer 

14 Director of Computing David Sheldon 

09 Dir Info 6 Sys Management ♦ Sue H . Frisch 

29 Director Alumni Affairs.... Gina HcMullen 

27 Director of Public Information. ............ . Helen (1. Johnson 

36 Dir Career Plan G Placement Cynthia S. Johnson 

56 Dean of University Extension....... Richard N. Baisden 

58 Dean of the Graduate Division Jaiae E. Rodriguez 

49 Dean of Social Sciences. Linton Freeman 

57 Dean of Pine Acts E. Clayton Garrison 

50 Dean Grad sch Administration............ Lyaan W. Porter 

54 Dean of Engineering.. Allen R. Stubberud 

70 Acting Director Social Ecology Ellen Greenberger 

53 Director of Teacher Education... Kenneth P. Bailey 

63 Dean College of Medicine. • Stanley Van Den Noort 

60 Director of Athletics........ Linda B. Dempsay 



£&umu. 


54 


♦ UNIVERSITY OP CALIIORHIA-LOS ANGELES 

405 Hilgacd Avenue, Los Angeles 90024 

Congressional District: li 

County: Los Angeles PICE IdenUfication: 001315 

Telephone (213) 825-4321 Entity Number: 1-95-600-6143 XI 

Established 19 19 uceQ 

Enrollment. 32 ,9 ynder graduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : $759 

Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Acer edit at io n: ^WC , ANEST, ARCH, BUS, CLPSY , #D, A, MHT, 1 BNG, 

I FIDEB, HSA , 1PSY, LAW, LIB, MED, MICB, HRA, MT, NOR, PH, 

02 rha ncellor * S * Charles E. Young 

03 E» cu ti ve 1 " 7 ice* Chancellor D. ! Schaefer 

10 Ada inisttative Vice Chancellor... * J"®® Wilson 

32 Vice chanc Under grad-Stdnt Rel Charles Z. Wilson 

30 Vice Chanc Public Affairs * ian f * Caa “®* 

45 Asst Chancellor-Planning.. Adrian E. Harris 

08 University Librarian Russell Shank 

04 Exec Assistant tc Chancellor R ? s "“H/ttt 

13 Asst Exec Vice chancellor....... Tallman H. Trask 

15 Asst Vice Chanc-Staff •• ® eo |fW® 01 j"“ h 

27 Asst Vice Chanc-Pub Michael T. HcHanus 

19 Asst Vice Chanc-Cmty Safety j0 j| n 

■29 Asst Vice Chanc-Alunni Rel Janes V. Ohleneyer 

Ot Registrar at ? nl !? n £5K 

07 Dir-Undergrad Adiis & Rel Sch - Rae !■ Siporin 

09 Assoc Dir of Plan-Instnl Gerald E. Kissler 

25 Dir Contract 6 Grant Admin... Terence A. Feuerborn 

36 Dean Place S Career Plan Charles Sundberg 

37 Director Financial Aids B ‘ Dr ® y ^ 

14 Dir -Office of Acad Computing William u. neni 

56 Vice chanc-Dean Grad Division Victoria A. Froakin 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Preedoan 

56 Dean of University Extension Phillip E. Frandson 

49 Dean of Letters and Science..... Eugen J. Weber 

48 Dean Sch of Arch 6 Urban Plan Harvey S. Perloff 

53 Dean Grad School of Education John I. Goodlad 

54 Dean Sch of Bngr 6 App Science... Russell R. O Neill 

61 Dean School of Lav Killian D. Warren 

62 Dean Sch of Lib-Info Sciences Hobert H. Hayes 

50 Dean Grad School Management J. Clayburn Laforce Jr. 

70 Dean School of Social Welfare Maurice p. Connery 

52 Dean School of Dentistry Vacant 

63 Dean School of Medicine Sherman H. Mellinkoff 

66 Dean School of Nursing Bacy Rares 

57 Dean College of Fine Arts Robert li. Gray 

69 Dean School of Public Health Lester Breslow 

* ONI VEBSIT 1 OP CALIIQRNIA-RI VERS IDE 

90 0 University Avenue, Riverside 92521 

Congressional District: 36 
Comty: Riverside PICE Identification: 001316 

Telephone (714) 787-1012 Entity Nunber: 1-95-600-6142-A1 

Established 1954 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,616 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : S774 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P tofessional 
Accreditation: VC 

02 Chancellor.... Dr. Tomas Rivera 

05 Vice Chancellor.. Dr. Hichael D. Reagan 

10 Vice Chanc Administration... Ms. Eleanor Montague 

32 Vice Chanc for Student Affairs Dr. Louis J. Leo 

04 Exec Asst Cbanc-Aluoni Affairs Hr. Robert C. Toll 

07 Adaissions Officer... Mr. Robert B. Herschler 

06 .Registrar Hr. Ronald H. Sloninski 

08 Acting University Librarian................ Hr. John W. Tanno 

45 Budget ana Planning Officer Hr. John R. Hynetsan 

27 Public iDforaaticn Officer..... Hr. Ronald R. Kolb 

36 Dir Career Plan G Placement. . . . Ms, G. Allene Anderson 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mrs. Harilyn Ballance 

14 Director of Computing Center.... Hr. James C. Henshav 

71 Director of Summer Session Dr. Curtis E. Grassman 

56 Dean of Extension Dr. James B. Hartley 

47 Dean Nat-Agrl Science College.... Dr. W. M. Dugger Jr. 

49 Dean Bum and Soc Sci College............. Dr. David H. Warren 

58 Dean of the Graduate Division Dr. Leland B. Shannon 

53 Dean School of Education Cr. Irving II. Balou 

50 Dean School of Administration Hr. Stahrl «. Edmunds 


Established 1912 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,103 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) j $741 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: WC, HED, RAD 

02 Chancellor Richard C. Atkinson 

05 Actg Vice Chanc Acad Affairs * John W. Miles 

07 Vice Chancellor Administration Vacant 

10 Vice Chanc Bus 6 Finan Hgmt ... Herman D. Johnson 

32 Vice chanc Student Affairs Richard H. Armitage 

04 Assistant Chancellor Patrick J. Ledden 

45 Assoc Vice chancellor Planning Werner Lendenman 

00 University Librarian Hillicent D. Aball 

06 Regstr and Admissions Officer Ronald J. Bovker 

14 Director of Computer Center Edward II. Coughrau 

15 Asst Vice Chanc Staff H . Wilson 

63 Actg Vice Chanc Health Science Marvin R . Dunn 

56 Assoc Vice Chanc Extnd Studies Martin N. Chamberlain 

65 Vice Chanc Harine Sciences William A. Nlerenberg 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Manuel Rotenberg 

02 provost-John Muir College John L. Stevart 

02 Provost-Third College Joseph W. Watson 

02 Provost-Earl Warren College M. lea Rudee 

02 Provost-Revelle Colleqe Chio-Hei Woo 

♦UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA -5 AH FRANCISCO 

Third Ave and Parnassus, San Francisco 94143 

congressional District: 5 
FICE Identification: 001319 
Entity Number: 1-94- 6 0 3- 6 4 93-A6 

Coed 


County: San Francisco 
Telephone (415) 666-9000 


Established 1864 
Enrollment: 3,012 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) t $782 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; Ho Lower Division 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; Professional 

Accreditation: WC, CYTO, DENT, DH, DIETI, MED, NMT, NUR, 



PIIAR , PTA, RAD 




. . Hs. Frances S. Petrocelli 




45 

10 

Administrative Vice chancellor... 
Vice Chanc Bus-Fiscal Services... 























50 

Dean of the Graduate Division.... 




.... Dr. Margretta H. Styles 







51 

Dean of Continuing Education..... 



‘UNIVERSITY OP CALIIORNIA-SAN DIEGO 


La Jolla 92093 
lounty; San Diego 
elephone (7 14) 452-2211 


Congressional District: 43 
FICE Identification: 001317 
Entity Humber: 1-95-600-6144-A1 


♦UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA -SANTA BARBARA 

Santa Barbara 93106 congressional District: 19 

County: Santa Barbara FICE Identification: 001320 

Telephone (805) 961-2311 Entity Number; 1-95-60Q-6145-A1 

Established 1898 Coed 

Enrollment: 14,785 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $660 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation; WC, EHG, SP 

02 Chancellor Dr. Robert A. Huttenbacl 

05 Vice Chancellor Or. Robert S. Michaelsen 

30 Assoc vice Chanc Acad Develop.... Dr. Marvin Harcqs 

32 Vice Chanc Adminv Services. Dr. Edvard E. Birch 

45 Asst Chanc Planning G Analysis Mr. Richard W. Jensea 

10 Asst Chanc Budget E Admin.... Hr. Roger L. Horton 

26 Asst Chanc Univ Relations Hr. Robert E. Bason 

06 Dean of Admissions 6 Registrar....... Dr. Charles V. McKinney 

08 University Librarian Mr. Allen B. Vaaner 

27 Public Information Manager Mr. E. George Obero 

36 Manager of Placement Center • Mr, Hell D. Murcaj 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Charles R. Loepkej 

71 Dir Suom Sess E Off Cam Stdies Dr. Richard E. Oglesby 

56 Director University Extension....... Dr. John C. Maxwell 

49 Dean of Letters E Science... Dr. David A. Sprecher 

58 Dean of the Graduate Division Dr. David S. Simonett 

54 Dean of Engineering. Dr. John E. Meyers 

53 Dean Graduate School Education. Dr. Naftaly S. Qlassmaa 

57 Prov College Creative Studies..... Dr. Harvin Hudrick 



55 


CAL IFOR II I A 


♦ UNIVERSITY OF CALI FORNI A-SANTA CRUZ 

Santa Cruz 95064 Congressional District; 16 

County: Santa Cruz FICE Identification: 001321 

Telephone (408) 429-0111 Entity Number: 1-94-1 53-9563-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enro llment: 6, 093 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) ; $831 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: WC 

02 Chancellor.. Dr. Robert L. Sinsheicier 

05 Academic Vice chancellor Dr. John A. Marcum 

10 Vice Chanc Admin Affairs Ms. Elizabeth A. Penaat 

32 Vice Chanc Student Affairs Vacant 

27 Asst Chanc tlniv Relations Ms. Collette H. Seiple 

08 University Librarian Mr. Allan J. Dyson 

06 Registrar Mr. Lee A. Duffus 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Richard Moll 

14 Director of Computing Mr. Alan M. Schlenger 

45 Chief Financial Officer Mr. Wendell C. Brase 

49 Dean of Humanities 6 Arts Dr. Helene Hoglen 

00 Dean of Natural Sciences Dr. William T. Doyle 

00 Dean of Social Sciences.... Dr. Robert F. Adams 

5B Dean of Graduate Division Dr. John M. Ellis 

56 Dean of Extended Studies Dr. Theodore L. Campbell 

65 Dir Coastal Marine Studies Dr. William T. Doyle 

02 Pro vost-Cowell College Dr. John Dizikes 

02 Pro vost-ste venscn college Dr. Joseph H. Silverman 

02 Provost-Crown College Dr. Siegfried B. Puknat 

02 P ro vost-Herrill College Dr. George Van Dec Huhll 

02 Provost-college Five Cr. David Cope 

02 Pro vost-Kresge College Dr. Helene Hoglen 

02 Acting Provost-Oakes College Dr. David Dorfan 

02 Provost-College Eight Dr. Robert R. Curry 

♦■UNIVERSITY OP JUDAISM 

15600 Mulholland Dr, Los Angeles 90024 

Congressional District; 23 
County; Los Angeles PICE Identification: 002741 

Telephone (213) 476-9777 Entity Humber: 1 -95- 160-4064-A1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollment: 165 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,000 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 chancellor Dr. Gecson Cohen 

03 Vice President Dr. Max Vorspan 

05 Vice President..... Eabbi David Gocdis 

10 Administrator Hr. Robert Raful 

32 Dean of Students Rabbi Den Zion Bergman 

08 Director of the library Dr. Louis Shub 

30 Director of Development Mr. Emanuel Forster 

06 Registrar Dr. Joel Renbaun 

36 Assistant Dean of Students Habbi Robert wexler 

26 Director of Public Information Hr. Yehuda Lev 

56 Dean of Continuing Education Rabbi Jack Shechter 

51 Coordinator of Adult College Dr. Henry Fisher 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Elliot Dorff 

53 Director of Education Programs Dr. Ron Wolfson 

50 Director Management Program Mr. Hy Paine 

UNIVERSITY OF LA VERNE 

1950 3rd Street, La Verne 91750 Congressional District: 35 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001216 

Telephone (714) 593-3511 Entity Humber: 1-95-164-4026-A1 

Established 1891 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,875 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,900 

Affiliation: Church of the Brethren 4-1-4 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Dr. Armen Sarafian 

03 Acad Vice Pres Dean Grad-Prof Dr. W. Donald Clague 

10 Director Business and Finance Vacant 

30 vice President for Development Mr. Thomas C. Hall 

32 Dean of Student Services .. . Ms. Sharon P. Agler 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. Virgil R. Wilkinson 

06 Acting Registrar, Hrs. Marilyn Davie3 

07 Dir Admissions Financial Aid.... Mr. Michael Welch 

08 Librarian......... Dr. Marlin L. Heckman 

27 Director Information Office........... Dr. Esther Davis 

09 Dir of Research 6 Evaluation............ Dr. Thomas R. Harvey 

49 Dean of Undergrad Studies....... Dr. Jacqueline P. Doud 

56 Dean of Continuing Education.... Dr. James Manolis 

61 Dean of Law School...... Dr. Charles Doskow 


♦UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC 

3601 Pacific Avenue, Stockton 95211 

Congressional District: 1,1 
County: San Joaquin FICE Identification: 001329 

Telephone (209) 946-2011 Entity Number: 1- 94- 1 15- 6266- A 1 

Established 1851 Coe <) 

Enrollment: 6,016 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,245 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
professional 

Accreditation: WC, DENT, EH G, LAW, MUS, PHAR, SP, TED 

01 President. Dr. Stanley E. McCaffrey 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Clifford J. Hand 

30 Vice Pres-Exec Assistant Mr. Clifford L. Dcchterman 

10 Vice President for Finance Dr. Robert R. Winterberg 

06 Dean Instnl Res-Univ Regstc Dr. Lee c. Fennell 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Leslie E . Medford 

08 Director of Libraries - Hr. Hiram Davis 

26 Director of Public Relations.,.. Mr. R. Doyle Minden 

32 Vice President student Life Ms. Judith M. Chambers 

33 Dean of Students.... Dr. William II. Barr 

34 Associate Dean of Students Miss Catherine P. Davis 

25 Dir Sponsor Progs and Research Dr. Reuben V. Smith 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Dr. Kara Brewer 

37 Director of Financial Aids.. Mr. Paul E. Phillips 

27 Publications Editor Ms. Craig Smith 

38 Director of Counseling..... Dr. Beth Mason 

36 Director of Placement.... Mr. William J. McGregor 

14 Director of Data Processing. Hr. Jerry A. Springer 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Edgar W. Case 

19 Director of Public Safety Me. Horman Askew 

71 Director of Summer Session.. Dr. Lawrence Murphy 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Reuben W. Smith 

61 Dean NcGeorge School of Law Hon. Gordon D. Schabeu 

54 Dean School of Engineering Dr. Robert L. Heyborne 

67 Dean School of Pharmacy Dr. Ivan H. Rowland 

64 Dean of Conservatory of Music Hr. Ira C. Lehn 

52 Dean Dentistry San Frisco Dr. Arthur Dugoni 

63 Dean Sch Medl Sci San Frisco Vacant 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Oscar T. Jarvis 

49 Dean of College of the Pacific Dr. Roy ’ Whitekev 

50 Dean Sch Bus and Public Admin ir. Eilioc II. Kline 

02 Dean of Elbert Coveil College Dr. Gaylon L. Caldwell 

02 Dean Raymond-callison College Dr. Margaret L. Cormack- 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Lawrence Kurphy 

UNIVERSITY OF REDLANDS 

1200 East Colton Avenue, Redlands 92373 

Congressional District: 37 
FICE Identification; 001322 
Entity Number: 1-95- 16 4- 3389- A i 

Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $5,000 


County; San Bernardino 
Telephone (714) 793-2121 
Established 1907 
Enrollment; 3,207 
Control; Independent Nonprofit 
Highest offering: Master's 
Program; Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: WC, MUS 


4-1-4 




















26 

Vice Pres Univ-Alumni Relation..,. 























36 

Coord Career Plan-Placement 


58 

Dean of Graduate Studies.......... 



UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 

Alcala Park, San Diego 92110 Congressional District: ui 

County; San Diego FICE Identification: 010395 

Telephone (714) 291-6480 Entity Humber; 1 -95-254-4535-A3 

Established 1949 coed 

Enrollment: 4,123 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,050 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation; WC, BUS, LAW, NOR 

01 President Dr. Author E. Hughes 



CAL I FOBH Ift 


05 Vice President and Provost Sr. Sally H. Furay 

30 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Dr. William Pickett 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs..... Mr. Jack D. Boyce 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Hr. ThoaasF. Burke 

3B Qir Acad Serv and Education..... Dr. Patricia Watson 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Kathleen Estey 

06 Registrar Me. Nicholas H. De Turi 

08 University Librarian. Mrs. Marian Holleaan 

09 Dir Instnl Research-Planning. Sc. Maureen P. Cronin 

26 Director of Public Relations. ................ • Mrs. Sara Finn 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Er. C. Joseph Pusateri 

61 Dean of School of Lav Dr. Donald T. Weckstein 

50 Dean Sch Bus Administra tion Dr. James M. Burns 

53 Dean School of Education - Dr. Edvard Deroche 

50 Dean Sch Grad stdies-cont Ed Dr. Raymond S. Bcandes 

66 Dean School of Nursing 0c. Irene Palmer 

DRIVER Silt OF SAW FRANCISCO 

2130 Fulton Street, San Francisco 94117 

Congressional District: 5 
County: San Francisco PICE Identification: 001325 

Telephone (415) 666-6086 Entity Hunber: 1-94-115-6620-A1 

Established 1855 Coed 

Enrollment: 6, 339 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 13,850 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General j Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, BUS, IPSY, LAW, HUB 
01 President... Rev. John J. Lo Schiavo 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs...... Rev. Joseph T. Angilella 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance.... Mr. Elvood H. Hancock 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Development. Ec. Frances Anne Dolan 

30 Vice Pres Univ Relations Mr. Alfred P. Alessandri 

04 Sec to the (Jnivi varsity Rev. Philip P. Callaghan 

09 University Planner He. William 0. Binkley 

06 Regatr-Cir Admis-Finan Aid - Mr. Gabriel Capato 

08 Librarian He. Paul E. Birkel 

36 Director of Placenent Mr. Willard Eng 

15 Director of Employee Relations Hr. George P. Salerno 

38 Director Student Counseling Dr. Joan E. Diblin 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Michael Roao 

14 Director of Computer Centec Mr. Tim Schickedanz 

26 Director of Public Affairs. Hr. Ronald R. Brill 

25 Grants Administrator Hr. David Hoke 

51 Dean Continuing Education.... Dr. Colin P. Silvarthorna 

50 Dean College Business Admin... Dr. Bernard Martin 

49 Dean Col Arts and Sciences.. Dr. David A. Harnett 

53 Dean School Education Fr. Michael O'Neill 

66 Dean College Nursing Sr. Mary Geraldine McDonnell 

61 Dean of the School of Lav...., Dr. Paul L. McKaskle 

55 Dean of Evening College Rev. Theodore T. Taheny 

UNIVERSITY OP SANTA CLARA 

Santa Clara 95053 Congressional District: 12 

County: Santa Clara PICE Identification: 001326 

Telephone <408) 964-4256 Entity Humber: 1-94-115-6617-A 1 

Established 18 51 Coed 

Enrollnent: 7,101 Ondecgrad uate Tuition and Fees: $3,990 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts aod General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, DUS, EHG, LAW, IHUS 

01 president.. Rev. William J. Revak 

10 Vice Pres Business 6 Finance Hr. Jose A. Debase 

05 Academic Vice President Rev. Paul L. Locatelli 

30 Vice Pres University Relations Mr. Eugene F. Gerve 

06 Registrar «c. Killian U. Washburn 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Daniel 0. Saracino 

08 Librarian Dr. Victor Novak 

32 Vice Pres student Services Hr. George F. Giacoaini 

14 Director of Ccnputer Centec Mr. Mikes N. Sisois 

38 Director of Academic Resources.. Dr. Robert H, Petty 

29 Exec Dir of the Alumni council Hr. Oerrold E. Karr 

37 Dir Student Financial Service Mr. Richard J. Toomey 

19 Director of Public Safety J Hr. John F. Milieu 

36 Director of Placement.... Ms. Garland C. White 

25 Research Grants Administrator... Ms. Jane Barrantes 

15 Director of Personnel ... Hr. Hanuel Q. Holina 

27 Director of Public Affairs...... Ms. Maguerite Major 

68 Director of Athletics. Mr. George p. Halley 

51 Director Continuing Education...... Dr. Joann Vasquez 

57 Dean of Humanities.... Mr. Joseph L. subbiondo 

49 Dean of Sciences De. John B. Drahmann 

61 Dean of Lav...... Dr. George J, Alexander 

54 Dean of Engineering... Dr. Robert J. Parden 

50 Dean of ausinecq. .... i .-a ~-.i 


UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 
University Park, Los Angeles 90007 

Congressional District: 28 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 001328 

Telephone (213) 743-2311 Entity Number: 1-95- 164-2394-A1 

Established 1080 C-oed 

Enrollment: 26,902 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,310 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: WC, ARCH, BUS, CLPSY, DENT, DH, ENG, IPSY, 

JOUR, LAW, LIB, MED, MFCD, HUS, OT , P1IAR, PTA, RTT, SW, 

TED 

01 President Dr. James H. Zunberge 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. Zohrab A. Kapriellan 

32 Vice Pros student Affairs Dr. James R. Appleton 

26 vice Pres Governmental Affairs. Dr. Houston I. Flournoy 

05 Academic vice President Dr. Paul E. Hadley 

10 Vice President Finance Vacant 

00 Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. Anthony D. Lazzard 

30 Vice Pres University Affairs Mr. Thomas P. Hdckell Jr. 

07 Exec Dir Stdnt Adminv Service Mr. James Jones 

06 Acting Registrar Ms. Carole H. Holm. 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. John l(. Schneider 

19 Dir Security-Parking oper Mr. Carl A. Leveredge 

25 Director Contracts and Grants Mr. Clark A. McCartney 

27 Dir Office Academic Relations Mr. Vance T. Peterson 

29 Exec Dir Alumni Association Mr. II. D. Hilton 

08 Librarian Mr. Roy L. Kldaan 

09 Dir Office Instnl Studies Dr. Robert It. Linnell 

33 Dean of Student Life Mr. Robert L. Nannes 

34 Dean of Women Ms. Joan H. Schaefer 

37 Director Financial Aid Mr. Michael liallocan 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. Anita Siegaan 

40 Interim Dean Architecture Mr. Panos Koulernos 

49 Actg Dean Col Letters- Arts-Sci Dr. Davia H. Nalone 

50 Dean Business Administration.. Dr. Jack D. Steele 

51 Dean Col cont Education Ms. Rosalind K. Loring 

52 Dean School of Dentistry Dr. William II. Cravford 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Stephen J. Knezevich 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Zohrab A. Kaprielian 

55 Exec Dir Deg Related Programs Dr. Barbara Pecrov 

57 Dean of Pine Arts Dr. Stephan E. Ostrov 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Charles E. Oxnard 

61 Dean of the Lav Center Mr. Scott Bice 

62 Dean School of Library Science Dr. Roger C. Greer 

63 Dean of Medicine Dr. Allen W. Hathies Jr. 

64 Dean Performing Arts Dr. Grant Baglacian 

67 Dean School of Pharmacy Dr. John A. Biles 

70 Dean School of social Work Dr. Robert W. Roberts 

69 Dir Hlth Related Professions Dr. Leonard Wendland 


UNIVERSITY OF WEST LOS ANGELES 

11000 Washington Blvd, Culver City 90230 

Congressional District: 28 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 009170 

Telephone (213) 204-0000 Entity Number: 1-95-245-8679-A^ 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 779 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 
Accreditation: 3WC 

01 President- Executive Director Hr. Gerhardt V. Riedel 

05 Associate Dean School of Lav Dr. Henry Blunt Jr. 

10 Comptroller Hr. Norman R. Kargl 

30 Dir University Development Dr. Harry Tatle 

08 Librarian Ms. Dinah Nevaan 

32 Dir Student Alumni Services... Mr. Michael Harvin 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Sigrid Schaltt 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Joseph Templeton 

61 Dean School of Lav Dr. Perry M. Polski 

VENTURA COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

71 Day Road, Ventura 93003 Congressional District: ^9 

county: Ventura FICE Identification: 006B63 

Telephone <805) 642-0161 Entity Number: 1-95-222-4338-A3 

01 District Superintendent Dr. Ray E, Loehr 

10 Assoc Supt Business Services. Vacant 

05 Asst Supt Instr-Planning. Dr. William II. Lavson 

45 Asst Superintendent Personnel Mrs. Barbara Darryberxy 

32 Asst Supt-Student Service... Hr. Janes L. Hoore Jr, 



57 


CALIFORNIA 


■♦MOORPARK COLLEGE 

7075 Campus Road, Moorpark 93021 Congressional District: 20 
County: Ventura PICE Identification: 007115 

Telephone (805) 529-2321 Entity Number: 1 -95-222-4338-A2 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,557 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 out Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Oelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WO 

02 President.. Dr. w. Ray Hearon 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. James R. Gayle 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Dr. Stanley L. Bowers 

04 Assoc Dean Instr-Adminv Serv Mr. Roger W. Boedecker 

30 Associate Dean Counseling Dr. William I. Bendat 

07 Assoc Dean Admis £ Records Mr. Floyd D. Thionnet 

08 Director Library Services.. Dr. Edvard F. Tennen 

37 Dir Student Financial Services Hr. Richard E. Coward 

33 Dir Stdnt Act-Publications Mrs. Alicia Long 

75 Assoc Dean Instr-Voc Education Mr. Lawrence G. Lloyd 

55 Assoc Dean Instr-Eve-Cmty Serv Dr. Arthur J. Schechter 

56 Dir Craty Caa Instr Services Mr. Jack A. Fleming 

57 Director Humanities... Dr. Sidney Adler 

6 & Dir Athletics-Phy Education Mr. Paul Dunham 

50 Director Business-Technology Dr. Kenneth E. Ainge 

54 Director Science-Mathematics Mr. Floyd Martin 

70 Director Social Science Dr. A. Darlene Pacheco 


26 Dean of Community Services Dr. Alex Rudoff 

10 Dean of Business Services James R. Hvilsted 

08 Librarian... , Jan Bird 

14 Director of Data Processing Alice M. Kluzak 

75 Assoc Dean Instr-Occup Ed Dr. Charles Peterson 

56 Asst Dean Instr-George A F D Nicholas Halisby 

66 Director of Nursing Joanne Schoen 


WEST COAST BIBLE COLLEGE 

6901 North Maple Avenue, Fresno 93710 

Congressional District: 17 
County: Fresno PICE Identification: 009818 

Telephone (209) 299-7205 Entity Number: 1-94- 150-5160-A1 

Established 1949 Coed 

Enrollment: 207 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,550 

Affiliation: Church of God Semester 

i Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: WC, B£ 

01 President... Dr. Hubert P. Black 

05 Academic Dean Mr. Kenneth A. Disaukes 

10 Bus Mgr 6 Dir Development Mr. Louis H. cross 

08 Librarian.. Mrs. Millie Largent 

32 Dean of Students Mrs. Martha R. Disaukes 


WEST COAST UNIVERSITY 


♦OXNARD COLLEGE 

4000 Rose Avenue, Oxnard 93030 Congressional District; 19 

County: Ventura PICE Identification: 012842 

Telephone (805) 480-0911 Entity Number: 1-95-148-6 079-A1 

Established 1975 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,109 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $10 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

02 Actg PreB and Dean Instruction Mr. George E. Lanning 

32 Dean Student Services Dr. Gary Brinkaan 

04 Assoc Dean Instr-Adminv Serv . v. Ms. Ruth M. Hemming 

08 Director Library Services Dr. Winston L. Sarafian 

07 Assoc Dean Admis and Records Dr. John Woolley 

75 Assoc Dean Instr-Voc Ed Dr. Carlos B. Ramirez 

51 Assoc Dean Instr-Cont Ed Mr. Robert J. Camarillo 


♦ •VENTURA COLLEGE 

4667 Telegraph Road, Ventura 93003 

Congressional District: 19 
county: Ventura PICE Identification: 001334 

Telephone (805) 642-3211 Entity Number: 1-95-222-4338-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,179 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) i *5 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, RSTH 

02 President Dr. Richard A. Glenn 

05 Dean of Instruction. Dr. Alfred P. Fernandez 

32 Dean student Personnel Serv ...» Dr. Robert w. Long 

04 Assoc Dean Instr-Adminv Serv Hr. John D. Tollman 

38 Associate Dean Counseling.... Mr. Jeffrey G. Ferguson 

07 Assoc Dean Admis-Records Mr. Marvin H. Bergstrom 

08 Director Library Services Hs. Jean M. Morgan 

75 Assoc Dean of Instr-Voc Ed Dr. Robert B. Thoil 

55 Assoc Dean Inetr Evening * * Mr. Eric J. Nicolet 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

440 Shatto Place, Los Angeles 90020 

Congressional District: 24 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 007994 

Telephone (213) 487-4433 Entity Number: 1-95- 185-6344-A1 

01 President.... Dr. Bernard F. cohlan 

30 Vice Pres Instnl Advancement Mr. Lee A. Preble 

10 Financial Officer Dr. Alan F. Senn 

06 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. James H. Stark 

32 Director of Counseling Dr. Ephraim F. Koraan 

07 Director of Admissions Hs. Maxine R. McCarty 

27 Director of Communications Mr. Robert P. McHugh 

15 Manager of Personnel Mr. Olin s. Whittemore 

♦WEST COAST UNIVERSITY MAIN CAMPUS 
440 Shatto Place, Los Angeles 90020 

Congressional District: 24 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001336 

Telephone (213) 487-4433 Entity Number: 1-95- 185-6344-A1 

Established 1909 Coed 

Enrollment: 873 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,820 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President - Dr. Bernard F. cohlan 

♦WEST COAST UNIVERSITY ORANGE COUNTY CENTER 
550 South Main Street, Orange 92668 

Congressional District: 39 
County: Orange FICE Identification: 001337 

Telephone (714) 953-2700 Entity Number: 1 -00-031-3706- A1 

Established 1963 

Enrollment: 549 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,820 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest offering: (taster's 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: SWC , , ■ „ 

02 Executive Director... .... ............. Dr, Michael p. Geraano 


WESTERN STATE UHIVBRSm COLLEGE OP LAW 


VICTOR VALLBY COLL E0B 

P 0 Drawer 00, Victorville 92392 Congressional District: 37 
County: San Bernardino FICE Identification: 001335 

Telephone (714) 245-4271 Entity Number: 1-95-600-6576-A1 

Established I960 coea 

Enrollment: 3,629 _ 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) j *0 
Control; State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years w 

Program; Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-iear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, ADNUR, rsth 

01 President..... Burton W. Wadsworth 

05 Dean of instruction Dr. Milton G. Danielson 

32 Dean of Students..... — .. William M. llcorn 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

1111 N State College Blvd, Fullerton 92631 

congressional District: 39 
County: Orange FICE Testification ^029039 

Telephone (714) 738-1000 Bntity Number: 1-95-231-3B75-A1 

<j’ ' «“ »‘»l 

03 Vice President Administration...... Kenneth B.IUofkorn 

05 Dean-Director Academic Affairs Keith Snyder 

30 Development Officer. • • ^"^ene^Feen 

14 Director of Data Processing.... ir!nk Phillips 

08 University Librarian Frank Phillips 



JEAIcJlfiBfilA 


♦HE5TERH STATB UNIVERSITY COLLEGE CP LAV ORANGE COUNTY 

1111 H State College Blvd, Fullerton 92631 

. Congressional District: 39 

°cange FICE identification; 010832 

EsUblished 7 1966 73a ' 10CO Entit J Huaber: 1-95-23 1-3075-A1 

1, ?“ 6 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees?°$o 

control: Organized as Profit Making Semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; Ho Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: VC 

0? StrL!^ S .5 d ? in f atratl0n Rc * ^nneth Klofkorn 

ut Director Admissions . r ,. nl 

05 Assoc Dean- Acade tic Affairs M r Jack Faust 

10 Bur sar 3te D " n ° £ Studellts Ht. John O'Connell 

11 5 EE 

37 Director ilu Kill' ilis':/, \ ” \\ /. \\ ” ” \ IVoZ 

27 Director Information Office... Hc John Jand , 

34 5i c * c *° r Student pi aceEent Ms. Boseeary Bordvell 

08 Li “ Institute Hatcia Wilbur 

* VESTS RN STATE UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF LAW OF SAH DIEGO 
1333 Pront Street, San Diego 92101 

Copty: san Diego FffSSltSlJ.SSr^i.a 

BaSbiilI.d IJM 231 * 0300 EOtitJ " UDb€r: 55- 23 1-3 87 5 -A2 

Control*"^ 96 < a , Undergraduate Tuition ana Pees:°*0 

|sssi-oSasip*,s.r5S?.s2ssjx < » 

05 Asst Dean Students-Acadenics Uadlev Batchelor 

07 Asst Dean Stdnts-Ad.in uaaiey Batchelder 

06 Registrar......:..:.: G f^ge Kraft 

08 Librarian "*'* j€nn , i A?L K f iler 

26 Oirector of Public Affairs...::] Tnkn d c th u Ley l' a 

3T Financial Aids Officer HaJcv^rSht r 1 ® 

6 1 Dean and Director £ C r? bt £ 

♦WEST BILLS COILEGE 

C°o«?r"' C .a“o 9 ' 932,0 M.ttlct. 15 

ssifbSw*-- 

Enrollment: 2,019 Coed 

control: State/LocU 3 " 9 ^^^ 8 T ° ition 30,3 Peas dn-Sta tej : *o 
Highest Offering: 2 But less Than u Fears Saaester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's* 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable * Iear 

Accreditation: WJ 

85 “ c - **•« *■ A^and 

08 Librarian Br * Hal P h !>• Harding 

37 Dean Finan Aids-city’se^ice!::::.' ® 0 “5* n 
3 2 Dean Student Pecs Services J’ . T *?f lr * 

27 Coordinator of Publications ” ] V 1 M 

36 Coord Place-work Experience *1 2* I ?® E 

71 Associate Dean Extended Day.... R °“ le * 

55 Associate Dean le.oore Area ..*H^ JJti« "." mSE 

WBSTMO HI COLLEGE 

955 La Paz Road, Santa Barbara 93108 


County: Santa Barbara *f Stci ^ S 19 

ssiis.rsu"-*- 

ssssii*ia« .•.saar**-** ,uitio ° -* *— ■ 

?SSui“S ic * 'wp—lon, 

CM President 

05 Vice Pres and Academic hlln'il I ’.I”'.’. *nr » 4 Bt8r 

10 Face Pres Pin and Management,. . . . «r * o^, ABdre ’‘ s 

32 Dean of Student life **■ Kc * Shan't Schlottaann 

30 Vice Pres for Public Af fa ir«” ‘ ' ’ ** *” *“*’ * !3 r ' J ?°athan Hess 

Oi* Assistant to the President. *.' ] ° r ‘ G1 ® n B * Adais 

08 Librarian. ........... Dr. Edwin 0. Potts 

07 Director Adxtssicns..:::: * , **“ John D * Hot ray 

06 Registrar.............. drs. Anita Ferguson 

37 Director of Financial 'Alis] ! ! 1 E * she nnua 

Hts. Alice v. Meyers 


VEST VALLEY JOINT COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

44 East Latioec Avenue, Canpbell 95008 

_ . Congressional Bintrlct: tl 

County: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 029m 

lelephone (408) 867-2200 Entity Number: 1-94-610 -Bn'Jl-ii 

no ^P e ^ intendant * Mr. Janon P. iijc). 

09 Dir Research and Development Dr. Gerald V shirt 

10 Asst Superintendent Finance Dr. Lorov rov-ni 

14 Dir Data Processing claico Millo 

15 Director Personnel services Dr. Janon LothrUn 

26 Dir Comaunity Services Mr . c) acy llllbh ,; a 

75 Dean Occupational Education Mr. Phillip lie M:co 

♦ ♦HISSIOII COLLEGE 

3585 Monroe Avenue, Santa Clara 95051 

Congressional Dlstrici: 1) 
County: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 0 29 ' 23 

Telephone (408) 866-6499 Entity Number: 1-94-602- 0929*E> 

Established 1975 
Enrollnent; 5,019 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-litato) t IJ 
Control: State/Local Soapiier 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Yeor 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ 

Xo ^ es J dent ; Dr. Wacrort V. iion-r.Kir. 

08 Dir Learning Resources center Dr. Oswald Perron 

32 Dir Stdnt Development Services Mr. Robert. J. s»lt b 

50 Prov Inst Pub-Coml services Dr. Arthur dm 

53 Prov Center for Common Studies Dc« Candice p c-va 

57 Prov Inst Cultural Studies Dc . Norma ?.olftxa 

70 Prov institute Human Affairs Dr. PhylUn w.tlllaii 

72 Prov Inst Envrnmtl-Applied Sci Hr. Robert rior-jMan 

♦♦VEST VALLEY COLLEGE 

14000 Pruitvale Avenue, Saratoga 95070 

„ . Congressional Dintrlct: l) 

county: Santa Clara FICE Identification: 001139 

Telephone (408) 867-2200 Entity Number: 1-94-610-1)69 1-12 

Established 1963 Co<f1 

Enrollment: 15,042 

_ . , undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- Statm) : 120 

control: Stata/Local Hciiicatn 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's? 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: VJ, HAC, NRT 

n? »«* i 5 ent ’U‘I Dc * Heivin F. Tutrchm 

on nt, D ! a ? Ad “^ s and Rec <>r d s.. Mr. Donald R. 

?S “! an °5 ^ aarnln 9 Resources Dr. Mary J«n««a 

ot f Instruction Hr. Tod 

11 n” °* Student Activites Dc. Mary Jean Van Pobtwrgi 

si Gou "f al i n 9 Dr. Patricia fiofinoit 

51 Dean of Continuing Education. Mr. Mac JUrtlnai 

♦VHITTIER COLLEGE 

13406 E Philadelphia St, Whittier 90608 

r ....... ... , Congressional District: 33 

1,1 *? ge 3 es PICE identification: 001 3*3 

?“? i 2 !L 693 ‘ 0771 Entity Number: 1-95- 1G4-40«8-»i 

Established 1901 Cofil 

!Ka: n 5 S a 1 '‘ , 2 Undergraduate Tuition and Feoa: 13,856 

control: Independent Nonprofit t-|-« 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

^Professional 1 ACtS 8na GQn0rals Teacher Preparatory: 
Accreditation: VC, ILAH , SH 

05 Dean^f 1 ^’*** Dc * Sugeno S. Killn 

?J JSitwuS " it8 Bichora »■ “•"*> 

61 Dean rtf tko'c’u*”,”! Mc « Rodney F. Jonnc 

32 Dean of uVentl? 1 ° f l4W «'• 

06 Registrar....!!. Dc * *»»*>>«•«•;» 

37 Dire^nr ef »4«iMiO»8 MC, Michaol Ad«S 

ll Uto ?!/ 1 "" 01 * 1 Ua «t. oeor,. Tftnoplc 

33 Associate^ de. Phiup canoa 

38 AsSoc Dean f - St ^!“ tS « c - aio,i 

29 Director nf n?!’} 0 . i ics - Dr * Richard Archer 

36 me. Richard Thomsos 


36 Director nf m Hr - Ricnata Tnoason 

26 Director of Pn hi f^ t D P i 8 f?" ent ’ ' * Hs ‘ Barbara Jefferson 



59 


COLORADO 


HIL1IAM CAREY INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

1539 East Howard Street, Pasadena 91104 

Congressional District: 22 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification: 029104 

Telephone (213) 797-0533 Entity Number: 1-9S-315-6658-A1 

Established 1977 Coed 

Enrollment;. 286 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SI, 000 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Pregram: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President........ Dr. Ralph D. Winter 

05 Vice President Instruction Dr. Norman Lewis 

06 Acting Registrar Mrs. Rebecca W. Lewis 

10 Vice President Administration Mr. Timothy G. Lewis 


+ WOO DU UR Y UNIVERSITY 

1027 Hilshire Boulevard, I, os Angeles 90017 

Congressional District: 25 
County: Los Angeles PICE Identification: 001343 

Telephone (213) 462-0491 Entity Number: 1-95-27G-6 1 63-A1 

Established 1684 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,410 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,712 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Master’s 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President.... Vacant 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Katherine c. Dryant 

32 Vice pres Stdnt Af f-Admissions William F. Nugent 

10 Vice pres Business Affairs..... Lowell K. Bokelman 

08 University Librarian Everett L. Moore 

29 Dir Stdnt Act-Alumni Affairs James B. Freer 

36 Director of Placement. Jane Sandler 


WORLD COLLEGE WEST 

P o Box 3060, San Rafael 94912 Congressional District: 5 

County: Marin FICE Identification: 011611 

Telephone (415) 561-7674 Entity Number: 1- 23-7 14-9004-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 39 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,355 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SWC 

01 President Dr. Richard M. Gray 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Elden E. Jacobson 

04 Administrative Vice President Mr. Charles F. Greene 

10 Bursar Mr. Gary Hall 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Mark lleydon 

36 Associate Director Admissions Mrs. Kim Kluger Bell 

06 Registrar Ms. Lisa Iloxie 

08 Librarian Mrs. Julie Laws 

32 Director of Student Services Mr. Chris Schultz 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Mary E. Downey 

70 Dir Human Service Program Dr. Alan Plum 

71 Director First Year Program Dr. Michael K. Stone 

49 Assoc Dir world study Program Ms. Deborah Merola 

THE WRIGHT INSTITUTE 

2728 Durant Avenue, Berkeley 94704 congressional District: 8 
County: Alameda FICE Identification: 008846 

Telephone (415) 841-9230 Entity Number: 1-94-167-4865-A1 

Established 19 69 Coed 

Enrollment: 100 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President... Dr. Phllburn Ratoosh 

08 Librarian.. Ms. Cristina Fowler 

06 Registrar.... Ms. Julie Furman 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms. Joan streit 

10 Business Officer Hr. Marshall Bentley 

59 Dean Grad School of Psychology Dr. Peter Newton 


+ Y ES Ell VA UNIVERSITY OF LOS ANGELES 

9760 W Pico Boulevard, Los Angeles 90035 

Congressional District: 21 
County: Los Angeles FICE Identification; 029151 

Telephone (213) 553-4478 Entity Number: 1- 95-313-01 24-A1 

Established 1977 Hen 

Enrollment: 65 Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,100 

Control: independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Graduate Non-Degree 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 


Accreditation: 3IC , , 

01 Dean Rabbi Moshe Meiselman 


YUBA COLLEGE 

2080 North Beale Road, Marysville 95901 . 

Congressional District: 

County: Yuba PICE Identification: 001344 

Telephone (916) 742-7351 Entity Number: 1 -94- 600- 2375 - A 1 

Established 1927 Co9 - a 

Enrollment: 8,273 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-5 rate) . 
control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograo: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: W J , #At>VET, RAD 

Dr. Daniel G. Walker 




10 

Asst Supt Business Services 







.... Mu. Robert J. Rutledge 

32 

Assistant Dean-Activities 


00 

14 


Mr. Robert 11. Staehlin 


Hr. Michael J. Aldrich 






55 

Dean of Community Ed Services 



COL OB A tQ 


ADAMS STATE COLLEGE 

Alamosa 81102 Congressional District: 3 

County: Alamosa FICE Identification: 001345 

Telephone (303) 5B9-7121 Entity Number: 1-84-600-0542- M 

Established 1921 000,1 

Enrollment: 2,405 , 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $754 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, TED 

01 Interim President Dr. Marvin D. Motz 

10 Vice Pres Bus and Finan A£f Hr. Leonard G. McLean 

05 Actg Vice Pres Acad-Stdnt Aff Dr. Glenn M. Burnham 

30 Dir Field Serv £ Eve Classes Dr. Donald F. Eden 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records Mr. Wayne S. Farley 

00 Director Library Mrs. Nellie Hasf jord 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placement Mr. Lawrence T. Gomez 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dt. Thomas E. Hinas 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Mr. Edward E. Laws III 

50 Dean Grad Stdies £ Suam School Dr. Lloyd G. Svenson 


AIMS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Box 69, Greeley 80631 Congressional District: 4 

County: Weld FICE Identification: 007502 

Telephone (303) 330-0008 Entity Humber: 1 -04 -056-6 1 60-A i 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,957 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $293 
Control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NR, RAD, RSTIIT 

01 President Dr. George 0. Conger 

05 Dean of the College Hr. Jerry A. Kiefer 

03 Dean Administrative Services Mr, Tiaothy A. Karpovick 

15 Personnel £ Payroll Director i Mr. Wilson B, White 

14 Director Computer Center Mr. Richard E. Boggs 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Robert N. Rangel 

06 Regstr- Director of Admissions Mr. Ralph D. Martinez 

27 Public Information Officer Ms. Elizabeth Kect-Given 

08 Head librarian Me- David Werner 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Ms. Terry Carr 

38 Dir Lrng Development Center.... Ms. Ruth M. Slomer 

75 Dean of Occupational Education.. Mr. Paul W. Gaiser 

49 Dean of Arts G Science Mr. Duane D, Raile 


ARAPAHOE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

5900 S Santa Fe Drive, Littleton 80120 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Arapahoe FICE Identification: 001346 

Telephone (303) 794-1550 Entity Number: 1-04-056-3683- A2 



SSL2MSS 


60 


Esta bl is hed 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,133 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $572 
Control : State Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 fears 
Program Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Sear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditatle 
Accreditation: NH, HAC, HLTAD, HRT 
01 President - - Dr. Joseph X. Bailey 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr * Ruth Johnson 

10 Dean Adainistrative Services.... Mr. Norman Lloyd 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services... Dr. Harvin P. Sondalle 

06 Director Admissions-Registrar Dr. Bussell Lyon 

08 Coordinator Learning Resources Hr. Leonard (t. Hu 11 is 

38 Director of Counseling. • Me. Leahheth Barnard 
37 Coordinator of Financial Aid............. Hr. Louis it. Pettis 

27 Information Representative Ns. Sharon Salvino 

14 Coordinator Computer Services Nr,. Donald V. Williamson 

09 Institutional Research Officer. Ns. Gail Corbitt 

15 Director of Personnel... Nr. Dick Gartrell 

45 Budget Officer * Vacant 

36 Job Placenent Officer Dr. Don Carson 

75 Director Vocational Education... Nr. Gene Amoroso 

51 Director Continuing Education Nr. Robert A. Peterson 

50 Dir Business 6 Public Service.... Nr. Allen Peck 

57 Dir Arts conmun E Soc Sciences..... Ht. Wayne Henry 

6 9 Dir Hlth Science G Technology Hs. Esther Dion 


♦ BAPTIST BIBLE COLLEGE OF DENVER 

1200 Hirinonte Street, Broomsfield 80020 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Boulder PICE Identification: 029152 

Telephone (303) 469-1984 Entity Humber: 1-84-043-8149-A1 

Established 1952 Coed 

Enrollment: 207 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,600 

Control: Independent nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Prog ram Professional 
Accreditation: 8BI 

01 President Dr. William R. Fusco 

03 Vice Pres 6 Dir Financial Aid Dr. Charles A. Houser Jr. 

05 Chief Acadenic Officer tr. Earl N. Bohaent 

06 Registrar 6 Admissions Ann Miller 

08 Acting Head Librarian Nrs. Elaine Gaines 

10 Business Manager Hr. Robect G. Elmer 

30 Director of Development.. Nr. Orville Terry 

32 Dean of Students Nr. B. Eaugsburger II 


COLORADO COLLEGE 


Colorado Springs B09Q3 Congressional District: 5 

County: B1 Paso FICE Identification: 001347 

Telephone (303) 473-2233 Entity Number: 1 -84-040-2510-A1 

Established 1874 Coed 

Enrollnent: 1,942 Undergraduate Tuition ana Pees: $4,700 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prog cam: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH , NOS 

01 President Dr. Lloyd E. Horner 

10 Bus Manager and Treasurer Mr. Robert W. Broughton 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Glenn E. Brooks 

30 Director of Development Mr. Robert E. Coven 

07 Director of Admissions Nr. Richard E. Wood 

06 Registrar.... Hr. James A. Johnson 

32 Assoc Dean Col-Dean Stdnts Dr. Maxwell P. Taylor Jr. 

34 Dean of Women... Hs. Laurel A. McLeod 

37 Director of Student Aid Nr. William A. FerguEon 

08 Librarian.... Dr. George V. Fagan 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mrs. Barbara Yalich 

27 Dir of Public In for nation. Mrs. Kathleen Paterson 

36 Director of Student Center........... Ns. Eleanor fiilcoy 

04 Gen Sec S Spec Asst to Pres Mr. V. Robert Brossaan 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. John L. Pearce 

71 Dean of the Summer Session Er. Gilbert R. Johns 

49 Assistant Dean of College......... Vacant 


COLORADO MOUNTAIN COLLEGE 

3000county Road 114, Glenwood springs 81601 

congressional District: 4 
County: Garfield FICE Identification: 009007- 

Telephone (303) 945-7481 Entity Number: 1-84-056-7768-A2 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,826 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $480 
Control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADVET 

01 President.. Dr. F. Dean Lillie 

02 Vice President West Campus. .......... . nr. Rodney D. Anderson 

02 Vice President Beat Caipus........ Nr. Donald s. Hix 


COLORADO NORTHWESTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Kennedy Drive, Rangely 81648 Congressional District: 4 

County: Rio Blanco PICE Identification: 001359 

Telephone (303) 675-2261 Entity Number: 1-04-060-1917-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,913 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $100 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, *DH 

01 President Dr. James H. Bos 

26 Public Information Officer Mr. Robert L. Dey 

06 Dir Stdnt Rec and Adoissions Hr. John K. Tucker 

32 Vice Pres and Dean of Students Dr. James H, R03S 

37 Financial Aids Director Mrs. Hacgacet p. Love 

38 Dir Human Develop-Place Center Ms. Helen E. Denton 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr, William J. Heison 

08 Head Librarian Nr. Stanley V, Horton 

10 Business Manager.. Hr. Ralph V. Werner 

56 Vice Pres offcampus Services Dr. Robert B. Houaka 


COLORADO SCHOOL OF HINES 


Golden 80401 Congressional District: 2 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 001348 
Telephone (303) 279-0300 Entity Number: 1-B4-600-0551-A1 
Established 1869 Coed 
Enrollnent: 2,845 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $1,282 


Control: State 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ENG 

01 President 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs..... 

06 Registrar 

07 Director of Adaissions.- 

30 Vice Pres Develop and Planning 

08 Librarian 

32 Dean Stdnts-Dir Place Services 

14 Director of Computer Center... 
05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs 

15 Director Budget and Personnel. 

26 Director Public Relations 

37 Director of Financial Aid 

51 Dir of Continuing Education... 
58 Dean of Graduate School 


Semester 


... Dr. Guy T. HcBride Or. 

Dr. W. Gordon Scott 

.. Dr. Harold R. Cheuvront 

Mr. A. William Young 

Hr. John G. Welles 

Hr. Hartley K. Phinney Jr. 
.... Dr. Michael S. Hyikos 

Dr. Austin R. Broun 

... Dr. William M. Mueller 
. . ., Hr. William A. Ingels 
.... Nr. Charles S. Morris 

Hr. Warren 0. Mason 

Dr. Harry W. Emclck 

Dr. John O. Golden 


COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY 


Congressional District; 4 
FICE Identification: 001350 
Entity Number: 1-84-600-0545-A4 

Coed 


Fort Collins 80523 
County: Larimer 
Telephone (303) 491-1101 
Established 1070 
Enrollment: 10,255 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $828 

Semester 


Control: state 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Tecninal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, AUD, BUS, COPSY, ENG, FOR, IPSY, JOUR, 

HUS, OT, SP, SW, TED, VET 

01 Acting President Dr. Charles O. Neldt 

05 Actg Academic Vice President Dr. George «. Dennison 

10 Vice President for Pinance.. Dr. Max A. Binkley 

45 Vice Pres Univ Plan 6 Budgets Dr. J, R. Hehn 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs Dr. James II. Danning 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. Robert W. Hayoan 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. William B. Liley 

36 Director of Placement... Mr. Donald A. Sutton 

37 Director of Financial Aids...... Hr. James L. Gordon 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Le Moyne W. Anderson 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. Leonard L. Overturf 

27 Dir of Univ Communications Mr. James R, Bennett 

59 Dean of Home Economics Dr. Helen ?. McHugh 

50 Dean of Business........ Dr. Donald N. nobler 

65 Dean Forestry & Nat Resources Dr. Jay M. Hughes 

.47 Dean of Agricultural Sciences..... Dr. Donal D. Johnson 

54 Dean of Engineering . . Dr. Lionel V. Baldwin 

74 Dean Vet Ked 6 Bioned . Science. , Dr. Robert D. Pheoistar 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. James R. Keiaan 

49 Dean Arts-Hum Social Science.' Dr. Frank -J. Yattano 

53 Dean of Professional Studies.......... Dr. William H. Johnson 


COLORADO TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

655 Elkton Drive, Colorado Springs 80907 

Congressional District; 5 
County: El Paso FICE Identification: 010148 



61 


COLORADO 


Telephone (303) 590-0200 Entity Number: 1-04-055-0510-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 433 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,875 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 
Accreditation: (III, ENGT 

01 President Mr. Daniel H. Sullivan 

07 Yice Pres Stdnt Aff-Dir Admis Dr. dan Deray 

05 Vico Pres of Academic Affairs Dr. Narilou Morris 

06 Registrar ... Mr. William J. Arsenault 

00 Librarian Ms. Pauline C. Harvan 

10 Yice Pres of Business Affa;.rs Dr. Robert K. Throop 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mrs. Mary F. Haeffele 

53 Dean Dr. William C. HcPeek 

5U Chairman of Electronics Mr. William Hutchison 

40 Chairperson of General Studies Ms. Sally J. Nordstrom 

63 Chairman of Life Sciences.... Mr. dames D. Schlatter 

65 Chairman of Solar Mu. Edward Christensen 

57 Chairman of Mathematics Hr. James C. Michali 

75 Chairman of Military Science Ltcol. Thcmas P. Dooley 

COLORADO WOMEN'S COLLEGE 

Montview Blvd 6 Quebec St, Denver 80220 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Denver FICE Identification: 001351 

Telephone (303) 394-6012 Entity Number: 1-84-041-OO34-A 1 

Established 1000 Woaen 

Enrollment: 462 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,850 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccal aureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, MBA, TED 

0 1 President. • Dr. Sherry Hanning 

05 Dean of the College Dr. John Krause 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. dames Sutherland 

32 Dir of Student Development Ms. Sharon Quay 

OQ Librarian « r - Paul *• 

06 Registrar D *-* Har y s ; R y^ ec 

07 Vice Pres of Marketing.. Dr. Elayne M. Donahue 

3 7 Director of Financial Aid Ms. carol Bray 

COMMUNITY COLLEGE OF DENVER 
♦ CENTRAL OFFICE 

1600 Downing Street, Denver 00210 congressional District: 1 
Conn tv Denver FICE Identification: 009757 

Telephone (303) 039-3481 Entity Number: 1 " 8 J‘“°J 8 ; 31 

05 Vice Pres Instrl Affairs u Dc ‘ J* 

10 Vice President Administration Hr. Thomas R. Lutes 

15 Director of Personnel Services. Hr. Edwin M. iayiot 

14 Dir of Computer Info Systems ” r * k zaut 

30- Resource Development Officer •• Ms. 0o Elen K.^ zgu 

09 Dir Progs-Research-Develo prion t Dr. Donald P. HcLeooce 


Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DA, RSTH 

02 Campus Vice President.. Dr. John H. Swenson 

32 Dean Student Support Services Hr. Orlando Trujillo 

08 Dir Instructional Resources Vacant 

07 Director Admission Center Hr. Norris Albright 

06 Registrar Hr. Hark H. Boyko 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hr. Ronald D. Thornton 

36 Coord of Placement services Hr. Charles Epperson 

38 Dir Car Planning 6 Advisement Hr. Kenneth B. Ashcraft 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Donald R. Hankenberg 


•COMMODITY COLLEGE OF DENVER FED ROCKS CAMPUS 
12600 West Sixth Avenue, Golden 80401 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Jefferson PICE identification: 009543 

Telephone (303) 988-6160 Entity Number: 1-84-058-31 07-A2 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,655 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : J52 1 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

02 Campus Vice President.. Dr. G. Owen Smith 

32 Dean Student Support Services Dr. Richard H. Post 

08 Dir Learning Materials Center Hiss Muriel E. woods 

07 Director Admission Center Dr. Janes L. Sullivan 

06 Registrar ••••••• Vacaa * 

37 Financial Aid Officer »r. Robert zamarripa 

36 Coordinator Placement Services Mr. Harlan V. Porter 

38 Dir Car Planning 6 Advisement Dr. Russell H. Riley 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr - A * Barry Noonan 

CONSERVATIVE BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

P 0 Box 10000 Univ Pk Sta, Denver 00210 

Congressional District: 1 
countv Denver FICE Identification: 001352 

Telephone (303) 761-2402 Entity Number: 1 -04-OU2- 1 879- A1 

Enrollment? 309° undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Baptist Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: professional 

30 Vice President of Development MC ^ i o^vis 

» “ 9 bSS«::. “jfiSSlV’tkoS" 

58 Dir Doctor of Ministry Program Dr. William C. Thomas 

51 Dir Cont Education-Extension •• L^Uals 

55 Dir Christian Training Center Dr. Dennis E. Williams 


♦COMMUNITY COLLEGE CF DENVER AURABIA CAMPUS 

1111 west Colfax Avenue, Denver 0020 \ on gCQ6sional Di8tcic t S 1 

County: Denver FICE identificaUon: 009542 

Telephone (303) 629-2411 Entity Humber: 1-04-058 3107 A3 

Established 1970 

Enrollment: 3, 563 of.mi . *647 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) . 553/ 

Control: State S9me 

Highest Offering: 2 DUt Less Than « Years • 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Y 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, NMT, RAD, RTT, SUnGT Gonzales 

32 Dean Student Support Services Dr. Gallegos 

07 Director Admission Center ja^B. Loomis 

06 Registrar...... 'Kathleen Leary 

37 Financial Aid officer * *" J, c Marlene Hall 

05 Dean of Instruction...... c 


♦COMMUNITY COLLEGE CF DENVER NORTH CAMPUS 


36« Vast 112th Avenue « vast.inst.t DJatrJlct . , 

_ , , , FICE Identification: 007933 

SSA 866-8811 BntitJ Hunber: 1-8V-.58-3.07-A1 

Established 1 9 6 B 

Enrollment: 4,697 /Tn-<?tatel ; $550 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In S tak J^ e J ter 

Control: State 


FORT LEWIS COLLEGE 

»««;? ^STtiSStS^iSwi 

Telephone (303) 247-7661 Entity Number: 1-84-600-0556-A1 

Established 1911 

Enrollment: 3 ' 05 * 07 * ndergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State^SWS 
Control: State 

offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, BUS, TED DEi Rexer Becn dt 

45 Director Budget and nr . villiam D. Engman 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs. ..... . ...^^1111 ^ Reld g Jr . 

06 Director of Records Mr _ Harlan L. Steinle 

07 Director of Admissions....... H r. 0 . D . parry 

14 supervisor of computer Center.......... . Bri James K< * sh 

36 Director Placement Services Mrs . Nancy Elliott 

26 Public Affairs Officer _ NE . clayton L. Kyle 

10 Business Manager. .......... * mrolvn J. Dailey 

09 Dir Instnl Research 6 Planning ***_ CODrad l. Chavez 

37 Director Financial AW ••• Dc . Lance B . n uc t 

38 Asst Dean Student Counseling *•; Dt- Dotia i d r, Whalen 

53 Dean School of ’” Br . Aubrey 3. Holderness 

50 Dean Sch Bus Administration.. Dr. Susan H. Riches 

49 Dean Sch of Acts and Sciences. ........ • 



csior&ei 


62 


ILIPF SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 

2201 S University Blvd, Denver BQ210 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Denver PICE Identification: 001350 

Telephone (303) 700-1281 Entity Nuober: 1-84-040-4244-A1 

Established 18 89 Coed 

Enrollment: 350 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Prograa: Professional 
Accreditation: HH, T1IEOL 

01 President Dr. 5. Jameson Jones 

10 Business Manager Hr. Donald E. Hester 

06 Registrar Mrs. Janice 2. Arnme 

08 Librarian Hr. Andrew D. Scriogaour 

07 Adaissions Officer Dr. Donald E. Bossart 

30 Chief Development Officer....... Rev. Earl K. Wood 

INTBRM 0UUTAIH BIBLE COLLEGE 

2101 Patterscn Road, Grand Junction 81501 

Congressional District: 4 
county: Nesa PICE Identification: 029090 

Telephone (303) 243-3870 Entity Number: 1- 84-601-4S59-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 60 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $952 

Control: Independent tlcnprofit Senester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Prograa; Tecsinal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President He. sober t K. Kelly 

05 Academic Dean - Hr. Daniel F. Askey 

06 Registrar Miss Joyce E. Vance 

08 Head librarian He. 8 on Keeler 

10 Bus H an ager -Student Affairs Hr. Janes H. Pateraen 

LAMAR CO H HUH IT Y COLLEGE 

2401 South Main, Lamar 81052 Congressional District: 3 

Coin ty : Prowers PICE Identification: 001355 

Telephone (303) 336-2248 Entity Number: 1-84-056-0227-A1 

Established 1937 Coe(i 

Enrollment: 304 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $640 
control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH 

o<! j’ 1 [ 08i ‘J 6nt * • •• • Dr. Gordon Snovbarger 

05 Vice President Instruction Dr. Billie L. Henderson 

?“* ine ® s meager. Hr. Steve Lunt 

06 Registrar-Dean of Students Nr . Dale Adams 

07 Director Admissions 6 Records - Hr. Bruce Pollock 

14 Director of Computer Center he. Eugene Gardner 

P ecsc " nel Services Hr. larry Jantzen 

19 Director of Security Hr. Richard straily 

LORE1TO HEIGHTS COLLEGE 

3001 S Pederal Boulevard, Denver 80236 

„ Congressional District: 1 

County. Denver PICE identification: 001356 

Established 3 1918 936 " 8441 Entity Number: 1-84-041-6073-A1 

Enrollment: 863 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Senester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional J 

Accreditation: NH , NOR, TED 

51 * * * * Mrs. Aflele Phelan 

10 Director of* \ \\\ 1 1 

32 Dean of Campus Life . I.. ConSie k calnhe!? 

06 Registrar ......... gonnie K. Campbell 

08 Director of Resource Center '.lllll'llll'lllll S* lanes 

37 pic.ct.r of f ,« :::::::: S!-ufU -4SJ 

HESA COLLEGE 

1175 Texas Avenue, Grand Junction B1501 

co in tv congressional District: 4 

22ESlU 3 » , as aw ' iMa HnttffliiJJSJ-SssssiiSj?;; 

Coed 


Enrollment: 3,891 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $716 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General 

Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, t DA, RAD 

01 President Dr. John U. Tomlinson 

30 Vice Pres for External Affairs Dr. Carl R. Wahlberg 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Mr. Herbert Weldon 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Jo ?. Deeds 

10 Vice President Adminv Affairs Hr. John A. niccillo 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Clarence A. Scott 

06 Registrar Mrs. Betsy A. Sneed 

27 Dir Publicity 6 Publications Hr. Paul Haffey 

08 Librarian Hr. Charles Hendrickson 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Dud Snack 

38 Dir Counseling and Placement Mr. Richard E. Baca 

14 Director Computer Center Hr. Dale Jarrell 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. James C. carstens 

66 Actg Dean Sch Nurs-Allied Hlth Hrs. Jane Vanderkolk 

72 Dean Sch Industry 6 Technology Hr. Arlynn D. Anderson 

57 Dean School Hum 6 Fine Arts Dr. Bruce A. Crowell 

70 Dean Sch Soc G Behav Sciences Hr. Donald A. HacKendcicfc 

65 Dean Sch Nat Sci 6 Hathema tics Dr. William E. Putnaa 

51 Director continuing Education Mr. Keith v. Hiller 

METROPOLITAN STATE COLLEGE 

1006 lltb Street, Denver 80204 Congressional District: 1 

County: Denver PICE Identification: 001360 

Telephone (303) 629-2400 Entity Number: 1 -84 -055-9160-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,071 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $62'' 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, ENGT, IMUS, HUR, TED 
01 President Dr. Donald J. MacIntyre 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Michael M. Howe 

10 Vice Pres Bus G Finan Affairs Mr. Curtis E. Wright 

26 Vice Pres College Relations Dr. Jerald 0. Johnson 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Dr. Antonio Bsgulbel 

07 Dean Admissions and Records Dr. Kenneth C. Curtis 

25 Dir Contract and Grant Admin Hr. David H. McDermott 

14 Director Computer Services..... Mr. Grover W. Vickers 

15 Business Manager Hr. James G. Vandechye 

06 Registrar Hr. Thomas R. Gray 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Lydia G. Vasquez 

38 Dir Counsel Career Develop Dr. Ron L. Veatch 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. Richard E. Pasternak 

54 Dean Sch Engr Technology Mr. Harold J. Bestecvelt 

57 Dean School Liberal Acts Dr. Phillip Boxer 

72 Dean Sch Professional Studies Er. Gail S. Pharos 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Charles V. Branch 

49 Dean Sch Science-Mathematics Dr. Stanley Sundervicth 

51 Dean Sch Caty-Hunan Services Dr. Gwendolyn A. Thowas 

MORGAN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

17800 County Road 20, Fort Morgan 80701 

Congressional District: « 
County: Morgan pice Identification: 009981 

Telephone (303) 867-3081 Entity Number: 1-84-059-70Q9-A' 

Established 1967 Caa a 

Enrollment: 386 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $523 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
» Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: BNH 

^ Cesid r nt ‘; Dr. Robert P. Datteri 

10 Dean of College Services Hr. Kenneth H. Hutchison 

4 9 Dean of General studies V Dr. Edwin Ray 

75 Dean of Occupational Education Hr. James C. Hall 

06 Dir Adais-Rec-Finan Aid-Place ms. Beth A. Lebsock 

38 counselor.... H r. Robert l. Kerr 

NAR0PA INSTITUTE 

1111 Pearl Street, Boulder 80302 Congressional District: 2 
if?-?* Bo “*5t c F1CE Identification: 029185 

t,l|1| “0202 Entity Number: 1-84-067-1779-A1 

Established 1974 Coed 

3 , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 33,100 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Lower Division 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
, Accreditation: aim 



63 


.COLORADO 


01 Dean....- • firs. Judith Lief 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Reggie Ray 

06 Registrar... Hr. Peter Hurst 

10 Comptroller Mr. John Earbieri 

NAZARS NE BIBLE COLLEGE 

1111 chapman Dr P 0 15749, Colorado Springs B0916 

Congressional District: 3 
County: El Paso FICE Identification: 013007 

Telephone (303) 596-5110 Entity Number: 1-04-057-6430-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 573 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $939 

Affiliation: Church of Nazarene Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s creditable 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr. Leonard S. Oliver 

05 Academic Dean Dr. R. T. Boierjack 

08 Librarian Roger M. Williams 

10 Business Manager Mr. Wesley Taylor 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Richard J. Lewis 

06 Registrar Me. Lawrence E. Jantz 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hr. Charles E. Crecelius 


NORTHS ASTERN JUNIOR COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 001361 
Entity Number: 1-84-600- 2582-A 1 

Coed 


Sterling 00751 
County: Logan 
Telephone (303) 522-6600 
Established 19 41 
Enrollment: 1,519 

Undergraduate Tuition and Feee (In-State) : $348 
control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: NH 



































51 

Dean of Community Services 



OTERO JUNIOR COLLEGE 

La Junta 81050 Congressional Districts 3 

County; Otero FICE Identification: 001362 

Telephone (303) 384-8721 Entity Number: 1- 84-600-1770-A1 

Established 1941 . Coed 

Enrollment: 785 . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $643 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; Nil . _ 

01 President........ Dr. W. L. McDivitt 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Ht. William Piguette 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dt. Dexter H. Hess 

15 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Dc. Joe H. Treece 

08 Director of the Library.. Hr. Ralph E. Rockwell 

27 Director of Publicity Hr. Halter E. Stafford 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Ken Goodwin 

3 8 Director Counseling Services Dr. David R. Kuebbeler 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Melvin J. Gook 

75 Dean of Occupational Education Hr. Jim title 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Terry L- Hetrick 


♦ PARKS COLLEGE 

7350 North Broadway, Denver 80221 congressional District: 4 
County: Adams FICE Identification: 029163 

Telephone (303) 426-1800 Entity Number: 1-84-Q64-6435-A1 

Established 1895 

Enrollment: 617 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: ?3,ouu 

Control: Organized as Profit Baking Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Leas Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: 3N0, MAC 

01 President Hr. Joe E. lee 

03 Executive Vice President Mr. R. Hade Hurphrae 


05 Vice President Education Hr. Roger G. Oviatt 

06 Vice Pres Adminv Services.... Hr. Luther Hilbanks 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Allen Hiller 

10 Controller Mr. James Sutherland 

13 Director Computer Services.......... Hr. Steve Montes 

19 Security Officer Mr. Halter Wolf 

26 Vice President Marketing Hr. 'Oscar L. Adams 

36 Director of PLacement Mr. Maynard Gage 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hs. Audrey Cahill 

38 Counselor Hr. Robert schantz 

14 Chairperson Data Processing Dr. Theophil Hocosz 

50 Chrprsn Business Department Hr. Kenneth Johnson 

75 chrprsn Fashion Merchandising Hs. Jean Raney 

63 Chrprsn Medl Asst Department Hs. Geraldine Hard 

PIKES PEAK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

5675 South Academy Blvd, Colorado Springs 80906 

Congressional District: 3 
County: El Paso PICE Identification: 008896 

Telephone (303) 576-7711 Entity Humber: 1 -84 -058-5299- A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,657 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $529 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH , ADNUR , DA, PNUR 
01 President Dr. Donald V. Mclnnis 

05 Vice Pres for Instruction Dr. Myer L. Titus 

45 Vice Pres for Adminv Services.... Dr. Dean H. Risinger 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Dr. John Rodwick 

10 Dean Administrative Services Hr. Donald L. Courtier 

09 Dir Res- Pi an -Development Dr. Frederick R . Struthers 

04 Asst to Pres Affirm Actn Off Ms. Pauline Spinuzzi 

08 Dir of Lrng Materials Center Dr. Jamil Qureshi 

26 Comm Relations Representative Ms. Susan G. Hard 

15 Personnel officer Vacant 

14 Supervisor of Computer Center Mr. Perry H. Littleton 

06 Registrar Mrs. Wilma J. Newcomer 

07 Admissions Officer Mr. Hilliaa P. Kettles 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hp. Bernard J. Clements 

38 Director counseling 6 Testing Miss Joanne Grieb 

36 Voc Job Development Specialist Hr. John E. Greene 

56 Dean Military Pcogs-Gen Stdies Dr. Hillis A. Belford Jr. 

72 Dean of Occupational Studies Mr. Leonard E. Smith 

PUEBLO VOCATIONAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
900 West Orman Avenue, Pueblo 81004 

Congressional District: 5 
County; Pueblo FICE Identification: 029166 

Telephone (303) 549-3200 Entity Number: 1-04-064-4739-AI 

Established 1979 Coea 

Enrollment: 833 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $541 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH, #DH, RAD, RSTH , 

01 President Dr. Gerald F. Caduff 

04 Assistant to the President Robert L. Kirscht 

05 Dean of Instruction. Vayne F. Bowman 

■06 Dean of Student Services Janes R. Foulks 

OB Librarian S ® ely 

10 Business Manager Wilbur R. Richardson 

15 Personnel Director Evelyn E. Hemenover 

19 Director of Security...,.; * Issac Valdez 

25 Dean of Special Programs Dr. Warren. B. Curtis 

37 Director Financial Aid * Victor Tenorio 

36 Director Student Placement. ........ Dr, Charles Knight 

REGIS COLLEGE 

3539 West 50th Parkway, Denver 80221 , _ ' , . „ 

Congressional District: 1 
cnnntv Denver FICE Identification: 001363 

Telephone <303) 458-4100 Entity Number: 1 -84-040-2707-A1 

Established 1877 ,- C 

Enrollment: 1,366 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $3, 9'0 

Affiliation: Roman catholic Semester 

Highest offering: Master's , 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH ,, „ 

01 President - V Rev. David M. Clarke 

04 Special Assistant to President Dr. Ihoias J. Emmet Jr. 

30 Exec Director for Development Mr. John H. Alexander Jr. 

10 Dir Administration 6 Planning. vacant 

07 Director of Admissions Mr.. William R. Regan 


• • r-i/.V: VL? 


■SOXQBft BO 


64 


08 librarian. ........... 

37 Director of Financial Aids 

06 Registrar 

36 Dir car Develop-Std nt Counsel. 
32 Director of student Life...... 

29 Director of Alumni Relations. . 

15 Personnel Technician 

27 Director o£ Corporate Services 
26 Director of Public Relations.. 

19 Director Canpus Safety.. 

14 Director Computer Center 

49 Dean of the college 

SI Dean of Special Programs 


Hr. Charles D. Kauderer 

Ms. Kathleen Jenn 

Ms. Diane Halters 

, Dr. Dennis vidoni 

Dr. Stephanie R. Wernig 
.... Mr. Robert Schmit2 

Ms. Pam Perris 

... Hr. Theodore Meyers 

Ms. Ann Rye 

Mr. Donald Cook 

.. Mr. Thomas Thornhill 
Rev. Michael J. Sheeran 
, ... Mr. John S. Brennan 


RCCK80RT CCLLEGE 


8801 West Alameda Avenue, Denver 80226 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Jefferson F1CE Identification: 009401 

Telephone (303) 236-5386 Entity Number: 1- 84-044-2429-A1 

Established 1914 Coed 

Enrollment; 277 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,310 

Control: Independent nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: 8HH 

01 President...,, Dr. L. David Beckman 

03 Vice President Dr. Harold E. Hiller 

05 Academic Doan Dr. Gene Marlatt 

10 Business Manager Mr. Gerald Noland 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Jeffrey Burdie 

30 Vice President Development Dr. Walter Thomas 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Richard Meyers 

06 Librarian He. j Qrcy walker 

06 Registrar Miss Janice Witt 


SAINT THOMAS S FH1NAEY 

1300 South Steele Street, Denver 80210 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Denver PICE Identification: 001367 

Telephone (303) 722-4687 Entity Number: 1-84-042-5376-A1 

Established 1907 Hen 

Enrollment: 158 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest offering: Master's: No Undergraduates 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: NR, THEOL 

01 President V Rev. Paul L. Golden 

10 Treasurer Bro , Pcancia j. Hess 

??E 1St F ac -••• Rev. Richard R. Ryan 

08 Librarian Mrs. Marguerite V. Travis 

32 Dean of Men for Theology Rev. Louis T. Brusatti 

07 Director of Admissions..... Dr. Stephen C. Doty 

29 Director Alumni-Recruitment Mr. Dante A. Valeri 

26 Director of Development. Mr. James J. lannon 

37 Director of Financial Aid Rev. Paul 0. Schneebeck 

5 1 Dean for Field Education Dr. Kempton Hewitt 

7 3 Dean of Studies-Theolcgy Rev . Theodore Viesner 

TRINIDAD STATE JCHICR COLLEGE 

Trinidad 81082 Congressional District: 3 

County: Las Animas F1CE Identification: 001368 

i ele phone (303) 846-5621 Entity Number: 1-84-600-2425-A1 

Established 1925 r . 

Enrollment; 1,419 

_ . . Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) j $518 

control: state . v 0uacter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Sears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH 

10 Dean of Administration....... Hr Jnhn T ,„ hinn 

49 Dean of Instruction tr to j ! r \ n lr° 

08 Director of the library Jna V 

°E computer center Mr. „eUin s! Ik ngsSav 

37 Director of Financial Ala Hr . Richard JnL 

07 Director of Admissions .... I. te. £tl ? SelJca 

75 Dean Occupational Education „ E . U SlwJey 

UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO 
+ *S YST EM OFFICE 


Boulder 80309 
Couo ty: Boulder 
Telephone (303) 4 92-0111 
01 President.............. 


Congressional District: 2 
PICE Identification: 007996 
Entity Number: 1 -84-600-0555-A3 
............... or. Arnold Weber 


45 Vice Pres Budget 6 Planning Mr. John W. Bartraa 

15 vice President Administration Dr. Theodore Volsky Jr, 

10 Asst vice Pres Fin and Treas Mr. Herbert R. Dunham 

14 Director Management Systems Mr, Gary D. Devine 

09 Director Institutional Studies Dr. Mark Heredith 

30 Dir University Development Mr. Dwight V. Roberts 


’♦UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO AT BOULDER 


Boulder 80309 Congressional District: 2 

County: Boulder FICE Identification: 001370 

Telephone (303) 492-0111 Entity Number: 1 -84-600-0S55-A3 

Established 1B76 Coed 

Enrollment: 21,727 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : {995 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, ARCH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, JOUR, LAW, 

HUS, PHAR, SP, TED 

02 Chancellor Dr. j. p. Nelson 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs.... Dr. Milton E. Lipetz 

10 Vice Chanc Administration Mr. Ted Tedesco 

32 Vice Chanc Academic Services Mr. James N. Corbridge 

08 Director of Libraries Mr. Clyde Walton 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. John Weicherding 

25 Director of Contracts Grants Dr. Rose M . Lit nan 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. D. R, Emerson 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. John P. Lymberopoulos 

4 9 Dean of Arts and Science Dr. Everly B. Fleischer 

6 1 Dean of Law Mr. Thomas G. Bcovn 

54 Acting Dean of Engineering Dr. Frank S. Barnes 

4 8 Dean of Environmental Design Vacant 

50 Dean of Business Dr. William II. Baughn 

67 Dean of Pharmacy Dr. V. G. Ervin 

60 Dean of Journalism . Dr. Russell E. Shain 

64 Dean of Music Dr. Robert R . Fink 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Richard L. Turner 


♦UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO AT COLORADO SPRINGS 

Austin Bluffs Parkway, Colorado Springs 80907 

Congressional District: 5 
County: El Paso PICE Identification: 004509 

Telephone (303) 593-3000 Entity Number: 1-84- 064-6802-A1 

Established 1965 . coed 

Enrollment: 4,664 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $558 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 


Accreditation: NH, BUS, ENG, TED 



05 



. David Ballesteros 
Richard J. Gajevskl 
Douglas R. Johnson 

10 



06 



08 



14 




15 




26 


M r 

Thomas McLaughlin 

30 

Dir Develop Univ Relations 


32 

Dean of Student Life 



36 

Director of Student Placement 



37 




49 

Dean Letters Arts and Science 



50 

Associate Dean of Business 



53 

54 

Associate Dean of Education 

Associate Dean of Engineering 

. . . Dr. 

. Dr. Jack shermin 
Michael D. Ciletti 


♦UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO AT DENVER 

1100 14th, Denver 80202 Congressional District: 1 

County: Denver FICE identification: OQ67UQ 

Telephone (303) 629-2800 Entity Number: 1-84-064-6886-A1 

Established 1956 Coe d 

Enrollment: 8,744 

„ ^ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $601 

Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 

Pro f ess ion a 1 

Accreditation: NH, ARCH, ENG, M0S, TED 

?? Chanc-Vice Cbanc Acad Aff..... D r. Dwayne Nuzun 

10 Vice Chanc for Adninistration Vacant 

ofi ViZ B c h ^ C 4 Aa ! in Stdnt A£faits Dr. Paul Kopecky 

07 D E w A T H * SS »° nS u?? d Records.......... Mr. George L. Burnham 

Oft tHr nf ° D S Publicati °ns Ms. Barbara Holland 

® ,80U «* Center... .......... Hs . Patricia Breivik 

15 ? 01 P u£ * D g Center..... Ms. Roxanne M. Byrne 

15 Director of Payroll Personnel... Hs . sally E. Roush 



65 


COLORADO 


«5 Director of Budget Mr. Kenneth E. Herman 

09 Director of Academic Planning Dr. Ralph E. Ilenard 

29 Development Officer Ms. Margaret E. Caruso 

37 Actg Director of Financial Aid Hs. Ellie Miller 

38 Dir Stdnt Develop Educ Support Dr. Halter L, Strandbucg 

g 9 Dean Col Lit Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Daniel Fallon 

5B Actg Assoc Dean Grad School Mr. Joel Edelstein 

51 Asst Dean Continuing Education Hr. William D. Doub 

&« Actg Associate Dean of Music Hr. Franz Roehman 

48 Resident Dean Envrnml Design.. Hr. John Prosser 

50 Associate Dean of Business Dr. Rex Bennett 

53 Associate Dean of Education Dr. Gerald H. Lundguist 

54 Associate Dean of Engineering Mr. Paul E. Eartlett 

70 Dean Graduate Public Affairs Dr. Robert P. Wilcox 


♦ UNIVERSITY OF COLOFADO HEAL III SCIENCES CENTER 


4200 East 9th Avenue, Denver 80262 Congressional District: 1 
county: Denver FICE Identification: 004508 

Telephone (303) .394-7427 Entity Number: 1-84-600-0555-A3 

Established 1924 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,370 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $1,826 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate; No lower Division 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: NH, APCP, DENT, DH, USA, IPSY, HED, MX, NUB, 
PTA, RAD 


02 Chancellor., 

03 Vice chanc for Adainistration. 

26 Vice Chanc Ext Health Affairs. 
45 Vice Chanc Planning G Programs 
10 Asst Vice Chanc Finan Affairs. 
25 Director Grants and Contracts. 
15 Director Personnel services... 

07 Director of Admissions-Records 

08 Chief Librarian 

13 Director of Management Systems 
30 Director of Development 

37 Director Financial Aid 

27 Dir Information Publications.. 

19 Chief University Police 

06 Registrar.. 

38 Dir Student Advisory Office... 

63 Dean of Medicine 

52 Dean of Dentistry 

66 Dean of Nursing 


.... Dr. John W. Cowee 
... Hr. Mario Pasquale 
.. Mr. Eric W. Schmidt 
.. Dr. George Stuehler 

Hr. Terry Lawson 

Hr. Howard Leavenworth 
Mr. William R. Lowe 
Dr. David P- Sorenson 
.... Hr. Charles Dandy 

Hr. Curt Claus 

...... Mr. Jay Maloney 

Hr. Jose Soliz 

r. Lawrence E. Steward 

Hr. Phil Jones 

. . Mr. Dennis 1. Geyer 
.. Dr. Anna M. Jackson 

Dr. Rcy Schwarz 

. Dr. John C. Peterson 
... Dr. Betty Williams 


UNIVERSITY OF DENVER 

University Park, Denver B0210 Congressional District: 1 

County: Denver PICE Identification: 001371 

Telephone (303) 753-1964 Entity Number: 1-04-040-4231-A1 

Established 1964 

Enrollment: 0,030 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,530 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, AUD, DUS, CLPSY, LAW, LID, MUS, SP, SW, 

TED 

01 Chancellor - Ur. Ross Pritchard 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Irving E. Weiner 

10 Vice Chanc Financial Affairs Mr. Richard Harrington 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Steven n. Antonoff 

06 Registrar Mr. D. J. Pommcehn 

37 Director student Finacial Aid Mr. Melvin N. Clark 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. Morris shertz 

36 Director Career Counseling Hs. Jo Ann Albright 

32 Acting Dean of students Hr. Jeffrey J. Quin 

25 Dir of Research Institute Dr. Shirley A. Johnson Jr. 

09 Dir Bur of Education Services Dr. John Hefty 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. Adolph Hayer 

29 Director Constituent Relations Hr. Donald Wilson 

14 Director Computing Services Hr. James Tuccy 

15 Director Personnel Services Hs. Barbara J. Brannen 

30 Director of Development Hr. Gary Graisser 

45 Vice Chanc Instnl Advancement Hr. Leonard Heyer 

71 Actg Dir Su mm Sess 6 Cont Ed Ms. Betsy C. HcGee 

49 Dean Arts and Sciences Dr. Kenneth Purcell 

58 Actg Assoc Bean Grad Programs Dr. James Davis 

61 Dean of the Law School... Dr. Daniel S. Hoffman 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Richard Brandanberg 

70 Dean of Social Work Dr. leverne McCummings 

62 Dean of Librarianship Dr. Bernard Franckowiak 


UNIVERSITY OF NORTHERN COLORADO 

Greeley 80639 
County: Weld 

telephone (303) 351-2121 
Established 1669 


Congressional District*. 4 
PICE Identification: 001349 
Entity Number: 1 -84-600-0546-A1 

Coed 


Enrollment: 10,982 

Undergraduate Tuition 

Control: state 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Accreditation: Nil, AUD, HUS, NUR, SP, 

01 President 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Serv-Acad Aff 

03 Exec Associate to President......... 

32 Vice Pres for Student Services...... 

04 Vice Pres for Univ Development 

09 Asst Vice Pres Acad Affairs 

06 Registrar 

07 Director of Admissions. 

37 Director of Financial Aids 

19 Director Public Safety 

08 Dean of Library Services 

36 Director of Placement 

14 Director of Computer center 

15 Director of Personnel Dr. 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences 

53 Dean of Education 

57 Dean Industl Techn and Home Ec 

58 Dean of the Graduate School 

66 Dean of Nursing 

50 Dean of Business... 

64 Dean Performing Visual Arts 

68 Dean Health-Phy Ed-Eecc 

56 Dean Non-Tr aditlonal Education 


and Fees (In -State) : $915 
Qua rter 

Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
Professional 
TED 

..... Dr. Richard P. Bond 

... Dr, Alvin 2. Barnhart 
.. Dr. Theodore H. Nelson 
.... Dr. Gerald E. Tanner 

....... Mr. John I. Burke 

..... Hr. James F. Kidder 

... Hr. Charles E. Selden 
.. Hr. Richard D. Findlay 

Mr. Kearl H. Kerns 

Mr. Too D . Yates 

Dr. Claude J. Johns 

Hr. Warren P. Best 

Hr, Donald 1. Myers 

Alfred E. McWilliams Jr. 
... Dr. Robert O. Schulze 
, . Dr. Arthur R. Partridge 
.... Dr. William P. Erwin 

Dr . Bill R. Drown 

.. Dr. Phyllis D. Drennan 
..... Dr. Ramon P. Heimerl 

Dr. Jamas E. Miller 

. Dr. Pobert A. Montgomery 
Dr. Robert □. singer 


UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN COLORADO 

2200 Donforte Blvd, Pueblo 81001 Congressional District: 3 
County: Pueblo FICE Identification: 001365 

Telephone (303) 549-0123 Entity Humber: 1 -84 -05 1-7947-A 1 

Established 1933 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,518 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $78'' 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, ENGT, MUS 

01 President Dr. Lyle C. Wilcox 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Louise II. Allen 

32 Vice Pres Student Af fairs. .......... . Dr. Wilfred 0. Martinez 

08 Dean Learning Resources Center Dr. Lark Daniel 

30 Asst Pres for Univ G Cmty ;• Vacant 

25 Asst Vice President Research Dr. Sallie A. Watkins 

09 Asst Vice Pres Instnl Planning Dr. Craig A. Conly 

37 Actg Director of Financial Aid Ms. Gina T. Pomero 

0G Acting Registrar Hs * Alice Fobst 

07 Actg Dir Adois £ Sch Relations Mr. Jose Padilla 

36 Director Career Development • Ht. Gerald Gerber 

14 Director of Computer Center Ms. Linda K. Karstens 

51 Dean Continuing Education... Dr. luis G. Valerio 


WESTERN EIBLE COLLEGE 

16075 W Bollview Avenue, Horriscn 00465 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification. 006741 
Telephone (303) 697-8135 Entity Number: 1-84 -045-3567-A1 
Established 1948 

Enrollment: 210 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,122 
Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 


Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 president Mr. William D. Boyd 

05 Acadeaic Dean Hr. Paul D. Borden 

26 Vice President Communications Hr. Roland D, lireb 

06 Registrar Miss Elsie Pick 

33 Dean of Students. Mr. Bichard Rollins 

34 Dean cf Women......... Mrs. Elisa Morgan 

37 Vice President of Finances........ Mr. Richard Pinkham 

64 Director of Sacred Music......... Mr. Edward A. German 

73 Dir of Pastoral Studies.. Vacant 


tWBSTERN STATE COLLEGE OF COLOR, 

Gunnison 01230 
County: Gunnison 
Telephone (303) 943-0120 
Established 1 91 1 
Enrollment: 3,218 

Undergraduate 

Control: State 
Highest Offering; Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and Gen, 
Professional 


DO 

Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification! 00 1 372 
Intity Number*. 1-84-600-0558-A1 

coed 

Tuition and Fees ( In-State) : $657 
Semester 

ral; Teacher Preparatory; 


SS12M£3. 


66 


Accreditation: HU, IHUS, TED 
01 President 

06 Vice Pres Academic Affairs... 
10 Vice Pres Business Services.. 
32 Vice Pres Student Services... 

07 Admissions counselor 

I 1 ! Director of Data Processing.. 
15 Personnel and Affirm Actn Dir 

36 Coord Career Plan and Place.. 

08 Head Librarian......... 

06 Director Ad nissic ns-Recocds . . 
04 Asst to Pres £ Dir of Coamun. 
38 Coord Counseling Services.... 

37 Dir of student Financial Aid. 
58 Dir Suob School and Grad Stud 
56 Extension Director .......... . 


.... Dr. John P. Mellon 
. Dr. Clarence M. Bjork 
.... Hr. F. G. Piquette 
Dr. William K. Hutcheon 
...... Mr. Too Pederson 

Hr. Frank Edlin 

Hr. Robert D. Genung 
.. Hr. David J. Ber ilia 

Hr. John Garralda 

.... Hr. Wesley lazengv 
. . Hr. John tf . Campbell 
.. Dr. Fred W. Barnabei 
.. Hr. Philip H. Swille 
.. Cr. Edvin H. Randall 
Hr. Robert H. Versluis 


♦ YESHIVA TORAS CHAIM TALHUDICAI SEMINAHY 

1400 Quitman Street, Denver 80204 Congressional District! 2 
County: Denver FICE Identification: 009855 

Telephone (303) 252-9060 Entity Humber: 1-84-057-6800-A1 

Established 1967 hen 

Enrollment: 29 dnde rg rad ua t e Tuition and Fees: $1,800 

Control: Independent nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: RAEI1 

01 President He. Sheldon K. Beren 

05 Dean Rabbi Isaac Wasseraan 

10 .Treasurer . Rabbi Leizor Rosen 

30 Dean of Instruction Rabbi Israel Kagan 

08 Librarian Rabbi Yehoshua Gutman 

32 Director of Student Affairs Rabbi label Surstyn 

3 7 Exec Director Financial Aid Rabbi Yehuda lefkovitz 


CONNECTICUT 


ALBERT US NAGIIUS COLLEGE 


700 Prospect Street, Hev Haven 06511 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Rev Haven FICE Identification: 001374 

Telephone (203) 777-6631 Entity Humber: 1-06-064-6520-A1 

Established 1925 Women 

Enrollment: 571 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,200 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Seoester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President.... Sr. Francis De Sales Heffernan 

05 Academic Dean Sr. Mary Paith Cargan 

10 Business Manager Sr. Hargaret Walsh 

06 Registrar... Sr. Rose Clement Stalter 

07 Director of Admissions Hrs. Catherine S. Thaden 

08 Librarian.. Sr. M. Wilma Lynch 

32 Dean of Students Sr. Julia McNamara 

30 Director of Development.. Sr. Helen Wilxoan 

09 Dir Institutional Research Sr. Marie Louise Hubert 

27 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Jean C. Smith 

37 Director Financial Aid Mrs. Paula Beharry 

29 Director of Alumnae Affairs. Mrs. Nancy I. Rabbott 


ASH UNTUCK CONHUHITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 68, Enfield 06082 Congressional District: 6 

County: Hartford • PICE Identification: 011150 

Telephone (203) 745-1 603 Entity Number: 1- 06-600-0798-G5 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollsent: 1,514 

Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $354 
Control: state semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Dr. Daniel R. McLaughlin 

05 Director of Instruction Dr. Dorothy N. Franke 

10 Dean Administrative Affairs Mr. Harry Sowell 

08 Director Library Services. Hr. Hichael Horan 

32 Dean 0£-Ext-Cnty Serv Students. Hr. Jaies Hahsey 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Vincent S. Fulginiti 

)6 Registrar.... Hr. Brian D. Rivard 


hBAIS BINYOH1N ACADEMY 

132 Prospect Street, Stamford 06901 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Fairfield FICE Identification: 029120 

Telephone (203) 325-4351 Entity Humber: 1- 06-095-1 405-A1 


Established 1976 Men 

Enrollment: 46 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,250 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 2RABN 

01 Dean Rabbi S. Schustal 

03 Administrative Dean Rabbi D. Mayer 

06 Registrar Rabbi D. Halpern 

10 Business Officer Rabbi Y. Ungarisher 


BOARD FOR STATE ACADEMIC AWARDS 

340 Capitol Avenue, Hartford 06115 congressional District: i 
County: Hartford FICE Identification: 029171 

Telephone (203) 566-7230 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-04 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 958 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -Stat e) : $75 
Control: State Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: 3EII 

01 Executive Director Dr. Bernard D. Shea 

05 Dean Faculty of Examiners Mr. Edvin P. Hye 

06 Director candidate Supervision Mrs. Maty I. Nason 

09 Dir Institutional Services Mrs. Ruth c. Budlong 

10 Director Administration Mrs. Patricia C. Frazier 


BRIARW00D COLLEGE 

2279 Mount Vernon Road, Southington 06410 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Hartford FICE Identification: 009407 

Telephone (203) 620-4751 Entity Number: 1 -06-081 -3060-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 304 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,520 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Seoester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: 3EV, JRCB 

01 President Dr. John J. ieconche 

03 Vice Pres Admin and Finance Mr. Francis J. Bundschuh 

07 Director Admissions Hrs. Virginia P. Hurray 

08 Librarian Miss Eleanor Wilson 


BRIDGEPORT ENGINEERING INSTITUTE 


P 0 Box 6459, Bridgeport 06606 Congressional District: 4 

County: Fairfield FICE Identification: 001377 

Telephone (203) 372-4395 Entity Number: 1-06-076-1324-A1 

Established 1924 Coed 

Enrollment: 639 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,480 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President.... Dr. William J. Ovens 

05 Vice President-Provost Mr, Melvin J. Rich 

10 Vice President-Treasurer Mr. William H. Alderson 

30 Vice Pres for Development Mr. H. Wheeler Parrott 

32 Dean cf students Mr. Anthony T. Fonck 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Ernest L. Greenhill 

06 Registrar Hrs. Marjorie H. Stevenson 

08 Librarian Hr. Edward O'Hara 

54 Dean of Engineering Mr. John M. Kovalonek 


CENTRAL CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE 

1615 Stanley Street, New Britain 06050 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Hartford. FICE Identification: 001378 

Telephone (203) 827-7000 Entity Number: 1-06-6Q0-0798-A2 

Established 1849 Coed 

Enrollment; 12,061 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $745 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation:' Ell, TED 

01 President... Dr. P. Don James 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Heimvarth 8. Jestln 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Mr. Joseph F. Pikiell 

06 Registrar Mr. Carl Beck 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Johnie M. Floyd 

08 Director of Library Services..... Mr. Robert E. Massmann 

32 Dean of Student Affairs.................. Dr. Richard L. Judd 

09 Director of Research....... Dr. Joseph R. Dunn Jr. 

26 Asst to Pres Bxtnl Aff-Develop. . Mr. Peter A. Durhao 

36 Dir Career Develop 6 Placement........... Ms. Karen A. Hansen 



67 


coM»Se3i£i!S 


14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Hanlio J 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Hr. Richard L 

2 9 Director of Alumni Affairs Mr. Foster 

25 Dean Personnel Administration Dr. Michael 

55 Dean Summer Sess-Ext College.... Mr. Russell 

49 Dean School Arts and Sciences Dr. William 

58 Dean School Graduate Studies Dr. Allan C. 

53 Dean Sch Ed and Prof Studies Cr. Charles J 

50 Acting Dean of School Business Dr. George R. 

72 Dean of School of Technology -• Dr. Joseph 


. Jar.nace 
. Jackson 
H. Chase 

K. Becker 

L. Tupper 
R. Brown 
Erickson 

Gervase 
Muirhead 
H. Duffy 





Mr. Hurray 

Farber 

29 

58 

Director of Alumni Relations 

Dean cf Graduate Communication... 

.. nr. Richard Z. Popilovskl 
.. nev. Thomas J- Burke 
nr. william F. Murphy 





F. Pitt 





Porter 





Griffin 

49 


Col Arts and Sciences 


. Weber 


C0I1 U EC TI CUT COLLEGE 

Hew London 06320 Congressional District: 2 

County: New London FICE Identification: 001379 

Telephone (203) 447-1911 Entity Number: 1-O6-064-6587-A1 

Established 1911 

Enrollment: 1,949 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 35,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President.... Dr * Oakes Ames 

32 Dean of the College Dr. Alice Johnson 

05 Dean of the Faculty tr. R. Prancis Johnson 

10 Treasurer and Dusiness Manager Mr. E. Leroy Knight 

07 Dean of Admissions Mrs. Jeanette B. llersey 

30 Acting Director of Development... Mr. Roger Gross 

04 Asst to Pres College Relations Mrs. Jane R. Bredeson 

06 Registrar Dr. Robert Lee Rhyne 

08 Librarian Hr. Brian D. Rogers 

29 Exec Dir Alumni Association. Mrs. Louise S. Andersen 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Marcia H. Gardiner 

36 Dir Career Counsel and Place Miss Betsy James 

14 Dir Adminv Computer Services Mr. Todd R . Cody 

58 Director Graduate Study Dr. R. Francis Johnson 

EASTERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE 

03 Windham Street, Willimantic 06226 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Hindham F3CE Identification: 001425 

Telephone (203) 456-2231 Entity Number: 1- 0G-60O-0790-F2 

Established 1889 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,989 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : 3828 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master’s 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH, ted „ , . , 

01 President Dr. Charles R. Webb Jr. 

04 Exec Assistant to president Mrs. Margaret S. Wilson 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Oliver R. Hayes 

05 Vice Pres fcr Academic Affairs Er. Delbert E. Meyer 

06 Director Admissions & Records.. Mr. Arthur C. lots* 

10 Vice Pres Admin Affairs Dr. Roy U. Merolli 

15 Dean of Pecs Administration Dr. Michael E. Pernal 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mr. Hermann Beckert 

30 Dir Research and Development Cr. David J. Yarington 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Richard A. Savage 

32 Dean of Student Affairs... Dr. Robert W. Heshanic 

4 9 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. h. Kathleen McGrory 

51 Dean Continuing Education Mr. Owen F. Peagler 

58 Dean Grad and Prcf studies Dr. William E. Billingham 


FAIRFIELD UNIVERSITY 

Fairfield 06430 Congressional District: 4 

County: Fairfield FICE Identification: 001385 

Telephone (203) 255-5411 Entity Number: 1-06-064-6623-A1 

Established 1942 , , 

Enrollment: 4,713 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S3, 900 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering; Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Programs Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH, NUR 

01 President , Rev. Aloysius E. Kelley 

03 Provost Dr. John A. Barone 

05 Academic vice President Rev- Christopher F. Mooney 

30 Vice Pres Develop-Pub Rel Mr. George E. Diffley 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Mr. John M. Hickson 

32 Vice Pres student Services Mr. William P. Schiopf 

08 University Librarian Mrs. Barbara D. Bryan 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. David M. Flynn 

09 University Registrar Mr. Robert C. Russo 

06 Undergraduate Registrar Rev. George H. McCarron 

15 Asst Provost-Human Resources Mr. Stephen P. Jakab 

33 Dean of Students..... Me. Henry W. Krell 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. John J. schurdak 

37 Director of Financial Aid... Mr. Paul J. Marchelli 

36 Dir Counseling Center.... .... Rev. V. Laurence O'Neil 

45 Director of Development.. Mr. Thomas A. Kelley 


GREATER HARTFORD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

61 Woodland Street, Hartford 06105 Congressional District:’ 
ronntv. Hartford FICE Iden ti f icat io n: 0076 3 o 


umber: 1 -06-600-0798-B4 
Coed 


County: Hartford 

Telephone (203) 549-4200 Entity 

Established 1967 
Enrollment. 2,74 JJ dec 3uate luit i on and Fees (In-State) : 3354 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 




.... Dr. Arthur C, Banks Jr. 



... Hr. Walter J. Karkiewicz 









Mr. Gerald R. Marshall 



Hr. Raymond Hughes 



He. Jchn J . Arlauskas 



.... Hr. William P. Edmonds 










51 

Assoc Dean Cont Education 



GREATER NEW HAVEN STATE TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

222 Maple Avenue, North Haven 06473 . 

Congressional District: 3 

County: New Haven FICE Identification: 029170 

Telephone (203) 789-7650 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0790 18 

Established 1977 LOO<I 

Enrollment: 690 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) . / f 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: aEV 

0 1 President. ■•••••■•• #*■*■■••••■•••••««•• Tho urs J • ,>ulli vq n 

05 Acting Dean of Instruction Mr. Raymond Hodatch 

06 Registrar Miss Margaret Bauer 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. William J. Dean 

10 Dir Administrative services ..... Mr. Pat Deliso 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Edmund L. Sobolevski 

38 Counselor.......... Mr. Manuel Oliviora 

HARTFORD COLLEGE FOR WOMEN 

1265 Asylum Avenue, Hartford 06105 Congressional District: 1 
county: Hartford FICE Men tl fication : 0013 06 

Telephone (203) 236-1215 Entity Number; 1 -06-064-6662- A1 

Established 1939 , 

Enrollment: 199 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,150 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 0 Years 
Program: 2-tear Principally Bachelor 1 s Creditable 
Accreditation: EH 

01 president Dr. Marcia A. Savage 

05 Dean Dc - Harriet V. Davis 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mrs. Valerie Lewis 

06 Registrar Mrs. Hazel G. Jockheck 

32 Director Student Affairs.. Miss Aileen F. Yofko 

10 Comptroller.... Mrs. Jane D. Hunter 

08 Librarian Mrs. Theodora B. Nevlands 

04 Executive Assistant Mrs. Eleanors M. Johnson 

29 Director of Alumnae. Mrs. Mary Jane Cros3on 

30 Director of Development Mrs. Trygve N . Cooley 

HARTFORD GRADUATE CENTER 

275 Windsor Street, Hartford 06120 Congressional District; 1 
County: Hartford PICE Idontlf ic&.tiont 002004 

Telephone (203) 549-3600 Entity Nutaber; 1 -06-076-674 7- h i 

Established 1955 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,316 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate: No 
Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EH 



SestiiCTiciJT 


6a 


01 President Cc. Homer D. Babfcidge Jr. 

10 Business Manager Hr. Carl Gians 

0^ Assistant to the President Hr. Robert P. Bahnsen 

® 8 * . librarian Hr. David L. Evans 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Rebecca H. Friedman 

♦HARTFORD SEMI NARY FOUNDATION 

77 Sherman street, Hartford 06105 Congressional District: 1 
County: Hartford F1CE Identification: 001387 

Te La phone (203) 222-4451 Entity Humber: 1-06-064-7016-A1 

Established 1634 Coed 

Enrollment: 47 Under graduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Coctorate 
Prog ran: Professional 
Accreditation: EH, THEOL 

01 President.... Dr. John Dillenberger 

08 librarian Dr. J. Jermain Bodine 

/3 Dir Church-Ministry Programs Dr, Jackson Carroll 

HARTFORD STATE TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

401 Flatbusb Avenue, Hartford 06106 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Hartford PICE Identification: 001308 

Telephone (203) 527-4111 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-B5 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,534 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pee3<in-State) : 3377 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV, eh gt 

21 P raaid ent Hr. Kenneth E. Da Rego 

05 Dean ot Instruction Dr. Ralph L. Boyers 

in nt a “ ^ £ .* t f d ! nt3 Mr. Jose P h I. Handel 1 

It A*"in*«trative Services Mr. Thomas Janik 

nl d f Director of Admissions Mr. Herbert Symmes 

06 Reg lstrar-Pinacial Aid Officer Vacant 

0B Lihrarian * r ‘ GaC * Dorse y 

56 Associate Dean of Instruction.. Cr. Elsie M. Dollmann 

HOLY APOSTLES COLLEGE 

33 Prospect Hill Soad, Cromwell 0641 6 

coun ty: Middlesex nSPSISif iStiiS' Mill l 

Established 2 1956 635 " 5311 Entity Nuaber: 1-06-075-4939-A 1 

94 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SK600 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest offering: First Professional 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President and Sector Rev Lpo . nu , sn 

\l Rc - FI lly L \l^ ar l %9 l io 

!S 5« e is t rar taCian - 1- . ” ! ' 1*1 C*. Kra 

i7 Director ii::::: . r!T: J«! 1 J a H iin a Hi 5! s B a Il5n 

HOUS ATONIC REGIONAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
510 Barnun Avenue, Bridgeport 06608 

Co tin t v • Fairfield Congressional District: 4 

Enrollment; 2,693 Coed 

control: State Undec 9 caduate Tuitioa and Fees(ln-State) : $354 
Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years Semester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, HLTAD 

32 Dean of Students Jr’ Havana r* Gooper 

10 Dean of Administration ....*. 8r alh«rf i* ® U9hea 

45 Assoc Dean Mgmt and Planning Paul I J ‘ 

07 Director of Admissions. .... .... ... . ‘ ' * r * 2 } *: 

08 Director of Library Ser rices.. Bobirt"! 

30 Director of Development. n - s J n?2 Eon 

37 Director of Financial A id ............. . ’ * * aca 

51 Dean of Community Services..... Dr. Joseph a B |J ? ll 

55 Director of Evening Division Hr . H Sffij 


MANCHESTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 1046, Manchester 06040 Congressional District: i 

County: Hartford PICE Identification: 001392 

Telephone (203) 646-4900 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-Bfi 

Established 1963 CQ „. 

Enrollment: 5,726 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : S35ti 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, RSTH , SURGT 

0 1 President Dr. William E. Vincent 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Thomas H. Bavie r 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Robert E. Barde 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Harry A. Hoisol 

10 Dean of Administrative Affairs Dr. Herbert Bandas 

06 Associate Dean of Records Dr. Lloyd I. Holt 

36 Director of Placement Mr. William C. Altaian 

38 Assoc Dean of student Affairs Mr. John V. Gannon 

26 Dir College and Cmty Relations Mr, Charles A. Ploso 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Andrew A. Patorna 

06 Director of Library Services Ms. Margaret D. Ovens 

37 Financial Aid officer Mr. John A. Taylot 

14 Director of the Data Center Mr. Donald L. Caapor 

25 Dir Contract and Grants Prog Ms. Beverly B. Flounsell 

56 Assoc Dean of Community Serv Mr. Janes O. Intro 

50 Director of 'Business Careers.. Mr. Fred A. Ramey Jr, 

49 Director of Huu-Commun Arts..... Dr. Alden p. outer 

70 Director Soc Sci-Pub Services Dr. Richard ll. Lent 

69 Dir Math-Sci C Allied Health Dr. Mario V. Fiondella 

MATTATUCK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

750 Chase Parkway, Waterbury 06700 Congressional District: 5 
County; New Haven PICE Identification: 006982 

Telephone (203) 757-9661 Entity Number: 1 -06-600-0790- B9 

Established 1967 coed 

Enrollment: 3,423 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $354 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, adnur, rad 

01 President Dr. N. Patricia Yarborough 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Charles ll. RuasoU 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Howard S. Rogers 

10 Dean Adminv and Fiscal Affairs.... Mr. Robert A. Hulvey 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. John G. Elayea 

06 Director of Records Dr. John J. Blake 

06 Dir Library Services Hr. Patrick P. Deangelis 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Justin J. Pagano 

51 Dean Cmty serv and cont Ed Dr. Joseph V. cistulli 

MIDDLESEX COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

100 Training Hill Road, Middletown 06457 

_ . Congressional District: 2 

County: Middlesex FICE identification: 000038 

Telephone (203) 344-301 1 Entity Number: 1-06- 600-0790-C1 

Established 1966 Co<!( j 

Enrollment: 2,774 

_ „ . undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- state) : $354 

control: state Senast<*c 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years • 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, RAD 

06 Mr. Robect ft. Chapman 

04 Fa ^ ult J Dr. Eduardo J. Hnrti 

■*5 nf!* St 5 n L t 2 the Presiaebt Mr. Donald F. Murphy 

07 st ’J d ?5 t 5”: «r. sdward G - vatgr 

06 Rnai^tr^r° f AdHisaions Hr. John T. Needham 

37 Mna °f .® tudant Counseling Ms. Merrily \T. BaacX 

61 ml c Ald and Placeaent Mr. Richard J. Luppina 

4 9 5i* S'*?*':*?**' 1 ** Ed -' Br * Norman R. Zabel 

50 Div f Math and Science Mr. John H. Coggins 

70 Siv !S.5?S a 2 a *;*? cr *J arial Harc y cunha 

56 DiviSlon n?L S * Cla i" SCi ? nces ‘* Mr * Clayton Hewitt 

56 Division Director Humanities Ms. Marilyn Magnoli 

MITCHELL COLLEGE 


437 Peguot Avenue, New London 06320 

Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 001393 
Entity Number: 1-06-066-2150-Al 


County: New London 
Telephone (203) 443-2611 



69 


CONNECTICUT 


Established 1938 Coed 

Enrollment: 94 1 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO ,22 6 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Eil 

01 President Dr. Robert C. Heller 

03 Dean of the College Cr. David H. 11. Harvey 

10 Business Manager Hr. Louis J. corrado 

06 Registrar... Miss Eileen H. Gavitt 

0? Director of Admissions Hr. Edward F. O'Neill 

26 Dir Publicity C tevelopment Mr. Theodore L. Hargrove 

37 Dir Cont Ed and Financial A..d Hr. John K. Balentine Jr. 


MOHEGAN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Mahan Drive, Norwich 06360 Congressional District: 2 

county: New Londcr FICE Identification: 009765 

Telephone (203) 066-1931 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-C2 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,368 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1354 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ell, ADNUR 

01 president... Dr. Robert N. Rue 

10 Chief Business Officer Dr. Robert L. Barber 

05 Academic Dean-Dean of Faculty Dr. Robert R. Pepin 

32 Dean Stdnts-Actg Dir Finan Aid Dr. Alan R. Gruber 

06 Registrar Mr. William V. Loder 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Louida 0. Jones 

08 Librarian Hs. Mary L. Kao 

4 9 Dean of the college Mr. Roland w. Wright 

66 Director of Nursing Education Ms. Carol J. Doneski 

51 Dean of Continuing Education.. Hr. Barry G. Sheakley 

MOUNT SACRED HEART COLLEGE 

265 Benham Street, Hamden 06514 Congressional District: 3 

County: New Haven FICE Identification: 001395 

Telephone {203) 248-4225 Entity Number: 1-90-000-0290-A1 

Established 19 54 Women 

Enrollment: 18 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Trimester 

Highest Offerings 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President... Sr. Maria cons ilia 

06 Dean and Registrar • Sr. H. Ursula 

10 Bursar Sr. H, Pauline 

08 Librarian Sr. H. Gabriel 


NORTHWESTERN CONNECTICUT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Park Place, Winsted 06090 Congressional District: 6 

County: Litchfield FICE Identification: 001398 

Telephone (203) 379-0543 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-C3 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,269 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : $354 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 President.... Dr. Regina M. Duffy 

03 Dean of the College Hr. Raymond W. Atcheson 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. John A. McAllister 

32 Dean of Students Mrs. Rosemary H. Farnsworth 

26 Dean of Community Services Hr. John F. Ferretti 

45 Dean of Planning 6 Management Dr. John 13. Titley 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Richard G. Tracy 

09 Director of Library Services....... Mr. Arthur E. Pathybridge 

06 Registrar Miss Virginia Manchester 

10 Business Manager Mr. William J. Darcey 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hr. William C. HcKie Jr. 

14 Direotor of Computer services Mrs. Kathiean B. Fox 

75 Coord Career Ed for the Deaf Mrs. Nancy G. Katz 


NORWALK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

333 Wilson Avenue, Norwalk 06854 congressional District: 4 
county: Fairfield PICE Identification: 001399 
Telephone (203) 853-2040 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-C4 
Established 1961 Coed 
Enrollment: 2,980 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $354 
control: state semester 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 


Program: Terminal Occupational Eelow 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, A Dll U R 

01 President 

30 Executive Dean........... 

05 Academic Dean.;............ 

45 Dean of Administration..... 

10 Assoc Dean of Administration 

06 Registrar 

07 Director of Admissions... 

08 Director of Library Services.. 

09 Dir of Institutional Research...... 

32 Dean of Students 

04 Assistant to the President 

37 Financial Aid officer 

26 Public Relations Officer 

13 Coord Information Systems.......... 

51 Assoc Dean Cont Ed-Cnty Serv.. 

66 Director of Nursing Education 

68 Dir Athletics- Phy Activities 


Bachelor's; 2-Year 


. . Hr. Everett I. L. Baker 

Hr. Frank S. Wright 

Dr. Mary w. Brackett 

Hr. Thomas F. Curnin 

...... Mr. Robert A. Verna 

....... Hr. Bruce Ildridge 

Hr. Alan R. Martin 

Hr. J. Fyle Sdberg 

Mr. Ralph W. Bess 

Hr. Peter I. O'Hara 

Mrs. Mary 0. Corey 

Mr. Robert V. Jeffress Jr. 

Ms. Yvette Berry 

Mr. Robert J. Jalbert Jr. 

Vacant 

Mrs. Sylvia Schudy 

Mr. Frank J. Morgan 


NORWALK STATE TECHNICAL COLLEGE 


181 Richards Avenue, Norwalk 06854 Congressional District: u 
County: Fairfield FICE Identification: 001400 

Telephone (203) 830-0601 Entity Number: 1 -06 -60Q-0798-C5 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,625 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : $367 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than “ Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: EV, ENGT 

01 Acting President Hr. John De Ponte 

05 Dean of Instruction Vacant 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Joseph Karpowich 

07 Admissions officer Nr. Vincent Grille 

10 Business Services Officer Ms. Hary Gentile 

08 Librarian Hs. Rita L. Schara 

06 Registrar Sr. Judith E. Anderson 

38 Counselor Hr. Dennis J. Dogusky 

56 Associate Dean of Instruction Mr. John A. Mojcher 


♦POST COLLEGE 

800 Country Club Road, Waterbury 06708 

Congressional District: 5 
County: New Haven FICE Identification: 00140' 

Telephone (203) 755-0121 Entity Humber: 1-06- 080-52 1 6- A 1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,136 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,526 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: Ell 
01 President 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs 

10 Treasurer 

06 Registrar 

07 Dean of Adnis 6 Financial Aid 

08 Librarian 

32 Dean of Student Affairs. 

30 Dean of Development Services. 

15 Director Personnel Services.. 

27 Director Public Affairs 

36 Director of Placeoent 

57 Chairman of Liberal Arts..... 

50 Chrmn Business Administration 
49 Chairman Arts and Sciences... 

51 Dir of Continuing Education.. 


QUINEBAUG VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

24 School Street, Danielson 06239 Congressional District: 2 
County; Windham FICE Identification: 010530 

Telephone (203) 774-1130 Entity Number: 1-06-600-0798-C7 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 866 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5354 
Control: State •> Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: EH 







.. Mrs. Vivian H. Shortreed 













07 

Admissions Officer 

... Mr. Frank H. Schlehofer 


.... Hr. Harold G, Harlow 
.... Dr. Douglas R. Picht 
. Mr. Francisco Gooes Jr. 
.... Mrs. Erika V. Torres 
Mr. Joseph J. Hartinkovic 

Hr. John N. Packer 

Hiss Elien Mulgueen 

. . Hr. Donald J. Post Jr. 
. Hr. Robert G. Westefeld 

Mrs. Norma Miller 

Hcs. Joan W, Donald 

Mrs. Peggy J. Ilveen 

.... Dr. Rolland Baughman 

Hs. Annette 0. Troy 

Dr. James Brady 



£8tt£J£&£J!l.. 


. 22 . 


QOIHNIPIAC COLLEGE 

Mount Carmel Avenue, Hamden 06510 Gongressional District: 3 
r n n n + v • Hew Haven FICE Identification: 001402 

Telephone (203) 2&8-5251 Entity Number: 1 -06 -064-67 01 -A1 

Enrollment: 3^768 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,615 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: Master's ra . 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor s, Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 

K K UEr, !«: j: 

19 Director of Security Br * Malcolm 

30 Vice Pres for External Affairs HE. Dooenic Twohill 

04 Assistant tc the president Hrs. Broker 

55 > i jjJ 

3B Director Counseling Center Dr. Davrd 

14 Manager of the Computer Center Hr. Frank R. Pap ale 

36 Director of Placement... Miss Alyce J. 

51 Dean of continuing Education «tr5ch 

49 Dean School of Liberal Arts... Kr - 

ca Act g Dean Sch II lth Hat Science ° c< f j S K^tz 

00 Dean Hlth E Scientific Affairs Mr. Stanley S. Katz 


SAC3ID HEABT UNIVERSITY 


Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 001403 
Entity Humber: 1-06-077-6644-At 

Coed 


Sox 6460, Bridgeport 06606 
County. Fairiield 
Telephone (203) 374-9441 

Established 1963 ... 

Enrollment: 3,491 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. 52,650 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's , _ . 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 


\ccr editation: EH 


n 

































51 

Director Continuing Education 



SAIHT ALPH0SSUS COLIEGE 

1762 Kapleton Avenue, Suffield 06078 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Hartford FICE Identification: 001407 

Telephone (203) 668-7393 Entity Number: 1-06-078-9336-A1 

Established 1963 Hen 

Enrollment: 82 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,900 

Affiliation: Soman Catholic Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 Sector and Dean-...- V Rev. George J. Keaveney 

10 Procurator.. Bro. Charles Somers 

06 Registrar... Rev. Max Pauli 

33 Director of Seminarians Rev. Francis Browne 

06 Librar ian ............ Rev. Jaaes Kerins 


SAIHT JOSEPH CCLLEGI 

1676 Asylum Avenue, Vest 'Hartford 06117 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Hartford FICE Identification: 001409 

Telephone (203) 232-4571 Entity Humber: 1-06-064-6029-AI 

Established 1932 Women 

Enrollment: 1*289 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,450 

control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program; Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessiona 1 

Accreditation: EH, 3DIET, SW 

01 President............. Sr. Mary Consolata C' Connor 

05 Dean....................................... Dr. Fred Gilliard 

10 Treasurer................................ Mr. Richard Hickish 

30 Dir Develop-Public Relations.. Mrs. Jo Chaoplin Casey 


08 Librarian * Mrs. Alice Angelo 

06 Registrar Miss Kathleen Devine 

07 Director of Admissions Miss Anne H. Hurphy 

26 Director of Public Relations Hrs. Judith Hyfield 

38 Coord of Counseling Services Miss Marcia Tetrault 

29 Coordinator of Alumnae Affairs Mrs. Elizabeth O'Leary 

37 Director Financial Aid Mrs. Margaret aikowitch 

32 Dean of Students Sr. Marilyn Nielsen 

50 Dean of Graduate Studies Sr. Claire Markham 

SOUTH CENTRAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

60 Saraent Drive, New Haven 06511 Congressional District: 3 
County: Hew Haven FICE Identification: 000037 

Telephone (203) 789-7028 Entity Number: 1 -06-600-0798-E6 

Established 196B Coed 

Enrollment: 1,987 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $354 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3EH, NMT , RAD, RTT 
01 President Dr - Richard M. Turner ill 

05 Academic Dean ■ Do " c * 

32 Dean of Students Dr * Susan M. Lincoln 

10 Chief Business Officer Mr. Charles A. Muller 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Joseph E. Magyar dr. 

06 Director of Records Mrs. Dorian Mellins 

45 Director Planning and Research Dr. Luellen lucid 

14 coordinator Data Processing Mr. Robert N. Kapitzke 

38 Director of Student Counseling Mr. George Selnont 

08 Dir of Instructional Services Dr. J°YC a Prosta.no 

04 Dir Contract Admin- Affirm Actn Ms. Cecilia Michaud 

SOUTHERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE 

501 Crescent Street, New Haven 06515 t , 

Congressional District: 3 
county: New Haven FICE Identification: 001406 

Telephone (203) 397-4234 Entity Number: 1 -06-600-0790-C9 

Established 1893 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $716 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: EU, LIB, NUR, SP, SW 
01 President Dr. Hanson V. Jennings 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Robert A. Howlan 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Mr. J. Claude Scheuecman 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Martin J. Curry 

15 Acting Dean of Personnel Mr, Eugene Dixon 

26 Director of Public Affairs.... Mr. John P. ttattia 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Robert C. Porter 

06 Registrar • Dr. John D. Drereton 

25 Pres Asst Grants-Spec Projects Dr. Milton K. Ervay 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Clifton E. Mayfield 

08 College Librarian Mr. Richard Hegel 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Donald W . Duman 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Haddon B. Libby 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Kenneth D. Magiimiss 

29 Director Alumni Association... Miss Louise A. Diruccio 

55 Dir Evening and Extension • •• • Mr, Michael Perillo 

49 Dean of Arts and sciences Dr. Martin J. Anisman 

53 Dean of Professional Studies............ Dr. Rocco C. Orlando 

58 Actg Dean of Graduate Studies.,.. Dr. Ella A. Ervay 

THAMES VALLEY STATE TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

574 New London Turnpike, Norwich 06360 

Congressional District; 2 
County: Hew London FICE Identification: 001413 

Telephone (203) 886-0177 Entity Number; 1 -06-600 -0798-D1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,635 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) J *373 
control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: EV, ENGT 

01 President... Mr. Donald R. Welter 

05 D6an of Instr uction. Mr. John R. Green 

32 Dean of students............... Mr. William 15. Yates 

07 Director of Admissions. ................. . Mr. James E. Leipec 

06 Registrar Mr. Fred Casavant 

10 Dir Administrative Services...... Mr. John Mathews 

08 Librarian Mr. William F. O'Donnell. 

38 counselor...................... Mr. Robert Grana to 

56 Associate Dean of Instruction. ......... . Mr. Edwin Rabinovitz 



71 


CONNECTICUT 


TRINITY COLLEGE 

Hart ford 06106 Congressional District: 1 

county: Hartford FICE Identification: 001414 

Telephone (203) 527-3151 Entity Humber: 1-06-064-6927-A1 

Established 1823 

Enrollment: 2,090 Undergraduate Tuition and Tees: S5,610 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: Eli . . , , 

01 President Dr. Theodore D. Lockwood 

03 Vice Pres Finance G Planning. Mr. James F. English Jr. 

32 Vice President Mr. Tliooas A. Smtn 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dr. Andrew G. De Rocco 

10 Treasurer and Controller Mr. Robert A. Eedetaonti 

30 Director of Development Mrs. Constance E. Hare 

29 Alumni Director Hc ■ Gerald J- Hansen Jr. 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. William L. Churchill 

33 Dean of Students ■ , D ® vid 

03 Librarian Hc - Ral P h S. Emecick 

07 Director of Admissions Mc « Howie Muir 

06 Registrar « ES - Joanne N. fillet 

36 Director of Career Counseling.... Dr. Christopher J. Slunk man 

37 Director of Financial Aid •••*• 

15 Director of Personnel Hiss Margaret F. Collins 

5 b Director of Graduate Studies Hr. J. Ronald Spencer 

TIIHXIS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Routes 6 and 177, Farmington 06032 congressional District: 6 
County: Hartford FICE Identification: 009764 

Telephone (203) 677-7701 Entity Number: 1-06-600-079B-D2 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,324 . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : *354 

Control: State semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s creditable 
Accreditation: EH, DA, DH „ 

01 president...- Dr. Benjamin G. Davis 

05 Executive Dean Or. tonvy A. Steegec 

32 Dean of students Dr * Del p * 1,:i 9 hai!1 

10 Dean of Administration Mr. James Casanova 

06 Registrar K * 

07 Director of Admissions Me. Alien H. Pceno 

08 Coord of Library services Acs. Judith MacLean 

04 Assistant to the President •••*•*•* 

37 Dir Financial Aid-Placement Nacc Herzog 

26 Dir Instnl Info and Research • * .* ? r * „ Su ! a " 

52 Dir Dental Auxiliaries Mrs. Brigitte II. Spangbecg 

49 Director Hunanities-Services Dr. Charles Bunting 

56 Dean of Community services Dr. Irvin P. Kyle Jr. 

UH3VERSIIY OF BRIDGEPORT 

Bridgeport 06602 congressional District: 4 

county: Fairfield FICE identifications 001416 

Telephone (203) 576-4000 Entity Number: 1 -06-064-6936-A1 

Established 1927 j 

Enrollment: 6,956 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,500 

Control: independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate , , 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, BUS, DH, ENG, »LAW, HRA, MUS, HU 8 , 
TED 

01 president Dr. Island H. Miles 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Er. Edwin G. Eigel Jr. 

10 Vice Pres Admin and Finance Mr, Henry J. Heneghan Jr. 

30 vice Pres University Relations He. John J. cox 

32 Vice Pres student Services Mr. Warren X. Cooper 

08 Director of Library Services Ms. Judith L. Hunt 

07 Assoc Vice Pres Enrclmnt Plan Mr. Richard D. Boss 

06 Registrar. Mr. Raymond L. Vlader 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Norma L. 

26 Director of Communications Mr. Gordon Hough 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. Roswell T. Harris 

15 Assoc Vice Pres Pers Admin Mr. David E. Reilly 

14 Director of Computer Center........... Ms. Elizabeth A. Glynn 

19 Director of Public Safety..... Mu. Jamas J. Neacy 

36 Dir Car Planning 6 Placement.. *■ Mr. Paul so pc ha K 

09 Dir of Institutional Research...... Ms. Barbara A. Gafcianelli 

38 Director of Counseling Center Ms. Ann E. Hisiop 

51 Director Continuing Education Mr. Melvyn HorniCK 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Robert W. Fitzgerald 

50 Dean Col Bus 6 Pub Management.. Dr. John V. nuicany 

54 Dean of Col Sci E Engineering. .......... . Dr. Richard F. uni 

66 Dean College Health science.... Dr. Joseph E. Nachasek 

49 Dean of Col Arts 6 Humanities.. Mr. Bruce Glaser 

61 Dean of Law School HE. Howard Glickstein 


UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT 

♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Stocrs 06268 
County: Tolland 
Telephone (203) 486-2000 
0 1 President 


Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 00799" 1 
Entity Number: 1 -0 6-077-21 60- A1 
John A. Di Biaggio 


♦UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT 

Stores 06268 Congressional Districts 2 

County: Tolland FICE Identification: 029013 

Telephone (203) 486-2000 Entity Humber: 1-06-077-2160- A1 

Established 188 1 Coerl 

Enrollment: 21,650 1 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) . 

Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate ... ... , 

Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor s; Liberal at s 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, DIET, ENG, ENGT, LAW, 

MUS, NUF., PEIAR, PTA, SP, SW , TED 

01 President.. John h ‘ Di Bia 99 io 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs K ® ni ?® tl1 ?' mil", 

10 Vice Pres Finance 6 Admin 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Aff £ Services ; Frederick G- Adams 

30 Director of Development Frederick J. Bennett 

09 Dir of institutional Reseacch *! vimball 

04 Assistant to the President a ^ id L ’ 

08 Director University Libraries iLr^rPowan 

27 Director Public Information t ® r JSJSis 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Roger K. Thalaker 

25 Assoc Dean Graduate Research „ u-muIi* 

02 Director of Hartford Campus A Grover 

02 Director of Torrington Campus R 

02 Director of Stamford Campus I® r Viird ir 

02 Director Southeastern Campus James L. Baird Jr. 

02 Director of Waterbury Campus •• AlP^onse Avitable 

58 Vice Pres Grad Educ C Research Anthony T. Di Benedetto 

51 Dean Extended and Cont Ed ll 

47 Dean Col Agric-Nat Resources Ji * T »! ten 

50 Dean Business Administration R °® SV’ shibles 

54 Dean of Engineering ilrnL h "nirdman 

57 Dean of Fine Arts J nnh^rt'G^Rvder 

\\ Dean of KT. !?!?!!!??:::: : ::: : wuS ?! 

49 Dean Liberal Arts and Sciences Kramer 

67 Dean of School of'pharmacy Arthur ^ parting 

63 Dean of Allied Health Pauline A. Pitz 

♦UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT HEALTH CENTER 

263 Paroington Avenue, Farmington 06032 

Congressional District: 6 

countv Hartford FICE Identification: 009030 

Jeiephone (203) 674-2000 Entity Number: 1 -06-600 -O790-G4 

Enrollment: 338 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : *0 
Control: State , , , other 

Highest Offering: First professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 6EI1, DENT, HED, MICB 
02 Exec Dir 6 Vice president Dr. Janes E. Mulvihlll 

09 Director institutional studies....... Hs. Sharon Fagan kerning 

10 Associate Executive Director Hr. James C.^Leoing 

15 Director of personnel Mu. Joseph G. Wanlterl 

07 Assoc Dean for Meal Stdnt Aff * Dr.. Steven 

00 Assoc Dean for Dentl Stdnt Aff.......... Dr. Philip T. Levin - 

Xp t 1 hrarian * Ralph Arcari 

27 Director of Public Affairs Hr. Whitnoy Jacobs 

63 Dean School of Medicine..... Dr. Ro £ ert 

52 Dean School of Dental Medicine..... Dr. (larald Lo. 

69 Assoc Vice Pres Health Affairs Dr. John K. Glascow 

UNIVERSITY OF HARTFORD 

200 Bloomfield Avenue, West Hartford Dtstrict! , 

County: Hartford FICE Identif: Lcation: 001«22 

Telephone (203) 243-4100 Entity Number: 1-06-073-1360-A1 

Established 1877 ' 

Enrollment: 10,451 Undergraduate Tuition and FeQS - 

Control: Independent Nonprofit ae ’ est - 1 

Highest Offering: Doctorate ^ 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory, 
Professional 



72 


CONN |CTI£CT_ 


Accreditation: EH, ART, ENG , ENGI 

01 President.... 

10 Sr Vice President - Treasurer... 

05 Provost 

04 Vice Pres £or Administration.... 

32 Dean at Students 

OB Librarian .. 

07 Director o£ Admissions 

06 Registrar. . 

15 Director Personnel Services 

27 Director Public Information 

29 Director of Aiuari Relations.... 

37 Director of Financial Aid 

38 Director of Counseling 

36 Placeaent Director... ........... 

14 Director of Data Processing 

09 Assistant to the President 

45 Director Planning and Research.. 
51 Director of Adult Ed Services... 

6u Dean Hartt School of Husic 

57 Dean Hartford Art School 

72 Dean of Hard Tech College 

49 Dean Col Arts and Sciences..... 

50 Dean Sch Bus and Pub Admin 

53 Dean of College cf Education.. 

54 Dean of College cf Engineering. 

68 Director of Athletics... 

56 Actg Dean CcLlege Basic Stdies 


HI , HUS, TED 

Hr. Stephen J. Trachtenberg 

Hr. Russell Neislcss 

Dr. carol J. Guardo 

Hr. Benjamin Terry 

Mrs. Doris Coster 

Hr. John il. HcGayern 

, . Hr. Charles F. Nelson Jr. 

Hr. Richard Whiteside 

Hr. John Toller 

Hr. Edvin Hatesky 

Hs. Susan Webber 

Hr. Henry L. Hiller 

, Dr. Anthony T. Santonicola 

Hs. Jay Roseborough 

Hr. George Platt 

. . Dr. Peggy Leiteraan-Stock 

Hr. Ted Youn 

Hr. P. A. Giorgio 

Hr. Donald Harris 

Dr. Edwin Stein 

Hr. John D. Driscoll 

........ Dr. Janes S. Vinson 

Hr. Walter HcCann 

Dr. Irving s. Starr 

...... Dr. Skipvith T. Levis 

Hr. Gordon KcCullough 

....... Hr. Richard H. lugli 


OKI V ER SIT t OF HEW HAVEN 

300 Orange Avenue, West Haven 06516 

Congressional District: 3 
County: New Haven PICE Identification: 001397 

Telephone <203) 93U-6321 Entity Nuaber: 1-06-076- 1704-A1 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,514 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,611 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ENG 

01 President Dr. Phillip S. Kaplan 

05 Provost Dr. Alexis N. Sommers 

04 secretary Dr. Walter 0. Jewell 

10 Treasurer. Mr. Prank G. Hull 

08 University librarian Mr. Saauel H. Baker Jr. 

32 Dean of stint Aff and services.. Dr. Thooas B. Robinson 

30 Exec Dir Develop-Instnl Rel Hr. John H. lupton 

07 Dean Adaissions- Financial Aid Hr. John E. Benevento 

06 Registrar ' Hr, Joseph P. Haclonus 

14 Director of Compcter Center Dr. Edward T. George 

38 Director of Counseling Er. Hichael V. York 

37 Director of Financial Aid.... Hr. David Dubuisson 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. Janes H. Shattuck 

36 Director Career cevelcpaent Hr. Charles A. Bove 

26 Actg Director Public Eolations Hs. Elizabeth T. Bennett 

25 Grants Officer Dr. Robert E. Gaensslen 

56 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Gwendolyn E. Jensen 

49 Actg Dean Sch Acts-Sciences Dr. Ralf Carriuolo 

50 Dean School Bus Adainistration Mr. Warren J. smith 

54 Dean School Engineering Dr. Konstantine c. Laabrakis 

51 Dean Scb Prof Stdies l cont Ed Dr. Richard c. Morrison 

V ATIHBURY ST AT I TECENICA1 COLLEGE 

1460 Best Main Street, Waterbury 06708 

Congressional District; 5 
County: Saw ® aTe ° , PICE Identification: 001423 

Telephone (203) l 7-6-7025 Entity Nuaber: 1-06-600-0798-D6 

Established 1964 r , 

Enrollment: 1,567 

_ Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $371 

control: state Ouarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 2Y, bngt 

11 i-.-.sislKssa 

» 53SSS: 

56 JssocUt. Co 0 J Instruction I s«; ph «„ “".Sli 

WESLEYAN 0NIVEBSITY 


Middletown 06457 
County: Middlesex 
Telephone (203) 347-9411 


Congressional District: 
FICE Identification: 00142 
Entity Nuaber: 1-06-064-6959-j 


Established 1831 

Enrollnent: 2,766 Undergraduate 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President 

05 Vice Pres for Acad Affairs 

45 Vice Pres Admin and Finance 

32 Dean of the College - 

04 Secretary of the University 

26 Vice Pres Univ Relations 

07 Dean of Admissions * 

06 Registrar 

08 Librarian. 

27 Dir Public Information 

29 Director of Alumni Relations 

37 Director of Financial Aid 

09 Dir of Institutional Research 

38 Director Career Development 

50 Dir Grad Libl Studies Program 


Cood 

Tuition and Fees: $5,950 
Semester 


... Hr. Colin G. Campbell 
.... Dr. Nathanael Greene 
... Mr. Burton Sonenstein 
.... Mr. Edgar F. Beckham 

Dc. William Kerr 

Mr. Robert L. Kirkpatrick 
.... Hr. Karl Furstenberg 
.... Dr. Michael d. Young 

Mr. Robert Adams 

Hr. Bobby w. .Clark 

.... Hr. William K. Nasch 
.... Mr. p. J. Cunningham 
...... Dr. c. Hess Haaqen 

Mr. Andrew Thomson 

. Dr. Robert A. Rosenbaum 


WESTERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE 

181 White Street, Danbury 06810 Congressional District: 5 

County: Fairfield PICE Identification: 001380 

Telephone (203) 797-4000 Entity Nuaber: 1-06-600-0798-D7 

Established 1903 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,454 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $760 
Control: State Senester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: EH, NUR, TED 

01 President Dr. Robert H. Dorsi 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Gertrude Braun 

10 Vice President Adminv Affairs Dr. Carl L. Robinson 

03 Executive Dean Hr. Stephen F. McLean 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. L. Russell Uatjon 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Frederic Leuthauser 

06 Registrar Mr. Robert M. Drobish 

08 Director Library Services Mrs. Katherine Sholtz 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Delmore Kinney 

09 Dir Instnl Research-Planning... Hr. John W. Deogan 

26 Dir Office of Communications Hra. Jean M . Haiti 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Eugene R. Krause 

38 Dir stdnt counsel and Testing Hr. Walter L. Downing 

37 Financial Aids Officer Hr. William ElawXina 

36 Director Coop Ed-Placement Dr. Walter B. Bernstein 

15 Dean Personnel Adainistration Mrs. Elizabeth McCoy 

58 Dean Grad Studies-Ext Services.. Dr. Morris J. audner 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Gloria F. Brunoll 

50 Dean Bus 6 Pub Administration............ Dr. Stephen Peldnan 

53 Dean Professional Studies Dr. Frederick J. o'Noill 

51 Dean of Extended Services Mr. Neil A. Vagnoc 

56 Director Extension Services Hr, William G. McKeo 


YALE UNIVERSITY 

New Haven 06520 Congressional District: 3 

County: New Haven FICE Identification: 001426 

Telephone (203) 436-4771 Entity Number: 1-06-064-6973- A 1 

Established 1701 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,744 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $6,210 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, APCP, ARCH, CLPSY, ENG, FOR, USA, IPSY, 

LAW, HED, HUS, NUF, PH, THE0L 

J! President...., a. Bartlett uiamatti 

Georges nay 

10 Vice Pres Fin 8 Administration.. Jerald L. Stevens 

30 Chief Development Officer John A. Wilkinson 

04 Assistant to the President Henry W. Broude 

29 Director Alumni Fund., James Qates 

; director Personnel Services.... Radley H. Daly 

?? U l !;* traEiaD Rutherford D. Roger! 

11 n^ ^ t0i: 4 Pu 4 iC In ^ oroat ion* Walter D. LitteU 

07 and Contcac t Admin , Joseph S. Warner 

07 Dean Undergraduate Admissions worth David 

32 Col £ le ^ Richard F« Shank 

37 Life Officer Martin I. Griffin Jr. 

36 nlrpr^ F * nancial Aid Constance L. White 

09 Sic J en t Placement .. . .. Edward H. Noyes 

14 DirJ?^ 1 ^ 410 ? 31 RaEeat ch' J. Lloyd Suttle 

II 

SI Sr, « 

" 8 



73 


.BEi&HiBS 


73 Dean of the Divinity School... Rev. Leander Keck 

57 Dean of the School of Drama ; Iloyd Richards 

65 Dean of the School cf Forestry Charles II. Poster 

61 Dean of the La* School Harry H. Wellington 

63 Dean of the Sch cf Medicine Dr. Robert N. Berliner 

64 Dean of the School of Music Frank Tirro 

66 Dean of the School of Nursing Donna K. Diers 

50 Actg Dean Orgn 6 Management..... Geoffrey C. Hazara Jr. 

69 Chr mn Epidemiology-Pub Health Dr. Robert W . McCollum 


DELAWARE 


BRANDYWINE COLLEGE OP WICENER UHIVER5ITY 

Box 7139, Wilmington 19003 Congressional District: At large 
County: New Castle FICE Identification: 001427 

Telephone (302) 470-3000 Entity Humber: 1 -51-0 10-397 1 -A1 

Esta bl is lie a 19 65 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,200 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Dachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M 

01 President Dr. Clarence R. Holl 

03 Provost. Dr. Norman P. Auburn 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. G. Robert Bowlby 

09 Vice President Operations Mr. Bernard J. Daney 

25 Vice President Marketing Mr. Vincent F. Lindsley 

30 Vice President Development........ Hr. Robert J. Bruce 

05 Doan of the College Dr. Andrew A. Bushko 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mrs. Faye Miller 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Kenneth J. Oswald 

0B Librarian Mr9. Jane E. llukill 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Hr. Lawrence S. Kucharczuk 

30 Assistant Dean Mr. Donald E. Devilbiss 

45 Vice Pres Budgeting B Planning..... Mr. Theodore F. locke Jr. 

DELAWARE STATE COLLEGE 

Dover 19901 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Kent PICE Identification: 001426 

Telephone (302) 670-4901 Entity Humber: 1-51-600-0765-A1 

Established 1091 coed 

Enrollment: 2,051 

undergraduate Tuition and Fees (in-state) : $470 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General? Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M 

01 president Dr. Luna I. Hishoe 

05 Academic Dean... Dr. James E. Lyons 

32 Dean of Students Dr. William R. Wynder 

10 Business Manager..... Mr. Edward T . Crawford 

06 Registrar Mrs, Jean A. Wilson 

04 Exec Asst to the President.. Mrs. Winifred C. Harris 

DELAWARE TECHNICAL AND COMMUNITY COILEGE 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Box 897, Dover 19901 Congressional District: At Large 

County: Kent FICE Identification: 008074 

Telephone (302) 736-4621 Entity Number; 1-51-600-0279-C1 

01 Preside nt Dr. John R. Kotula 

03 Vice President Legal Research Dr. Gary F. Petty 

30 Chief Development Officer Mr. G. Timothy Kavel 

10 Fiscal Coordinates Mr. Robert V. Harra 

15 personnel Coordinator - Mr, Robert Riley 

09 Director Institutional Studies Dr. John R. Bolig 

13 Director Information Systems Mr. Frank Kros 

♦DELAWARE TECHNICAL AND COMMUNITY COLLEGE SOUTHERN CAMPUS 

Box 610, Georgetown 19947 congressional District: At Large 
County: Sussex FICE Identification: 007053 

■Telephone (302) 856-5400 Entity Number: 1-51-600-0279- A9 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,473 t 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $504 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offerings 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: M, NLTAD, PNUR 

02 Exec Director-Vice President Jack Owens 

10 Business Manager..... . Leo Adas 

05 Dean of Instruction.... Stephen Betze 

30 Dean of Development...... charlotte Purnell 

32 Dean of Students.. Robert Trout 


36 Placement Counselor...... Harold HcTeer 

14 Dir Data Processing Center Tom Luff 

06 Registrar Richard Windsor 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Joseph Fantl 

♦DELAWARE TECHNICAL AND COMMUNITY COLLEGE STANTON CAMPUS 

400 Stan ton-Christiana Rd , Newark 19702 

Congressional District; At Large 
County: Hew Castle FICE Identification: 011387 

Telephone (302) 368-6900 Entity Number: 1-51-600-0279-C5 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,375 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $504 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: H, ABNUR, HMT, PNUR, RSTH 
02 Campus Director Vice President Hr. William A. Faucett 

05 Dean of Instruction Ms. Jean E. Thomas 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. Gwendolyn W. Sanders 

10 Business Manager Mr. Barry S. Cordtey 

08 Librarian.... Ms. Helen K. Barnett 

30 Director of Development Ms. Doris B. Brooks 

37 Admis Dir-Finan Aid Officer Hr. Lawrence Miller 

36 Placement Officer Hr. Michael E. Biggs 

06 Registrar Ms. Francene L. Perry 

51 Director Continuing Education Mrs. Marguerite Johnson 

♦DELAWARE TECHNICAL AND COMMUNITY COLLEGE TERRY CAMPUS 

1832 North Dupont Parkway, Dover 19901 

Congressional District: At large 
County: Kent FICE Identification: 011727 

Telephone (302) 736-5321 Entity Humber: 1 - 51 - 600 - 0279-B9 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,164 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $504 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M ... 

02 Campus Director Vice President Hr. William C. Pfeifer 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Wayne H. Dabsan 

30 Dean of Development Mr. Lewis Atkinson 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Paul J. Kessler 

10 Business Manager.... Mr. James Samans 

06 Registrar Mr* Michael C. Phillips 

07 Admissions Counselor Mr. Robert Welch 

08 Librarian Mrs. Mary M. Byrne 

37 Student Financial Aid officer Mr. Paul J. Fleming 

51 .Director Continuing Education Mr. H. Earl Roberts 

♦DELAWARE TECHNICAL AMD COMMUNITY COLLEGE WILMINGTON CAMPUS 

333 Shipley Street, Wilmington 19801 

Congressional District: At Large 
County: New Castle PICE Identification: 012179 

Telephone (302) 571-2100 Entity Number: 1-51-600-0279-B8 

Established 1974 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,463 . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) : $504 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bacheloc's creditable 
Accreditation: M, DA, DH 

02 Campus Director Vice President Mr. William A. Faucett 

05 Dean of Instruction..... Jean E. Thomas 

10 Business Manager......... Mr. Barry S. Cocdray 

32 Dean of Student Services Er. Gwendolyn W, Sanders 

08 Chief Librarian Ms, Helen K. Barnett 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Larry Di Gregorio 

06 Registrar Mrs. , Virginia Gibson 

30 Director of Development. Mrs. Doris B„ Brooks 

52 Director of Dental Departnent Dr. Alan Goldfeder 

51 Director Continuing Education.;...... Mrs. Marguerite Johnson 

GOLDEY BEACOM COLLEGE 

4701 Limestone Road, Wilmington 19808 . 

Congressional District! At Large 
County: New Castle FICE M.nUMcijUojj 8 OOIMS 

Telephone (302) 998-8814 Entity Number: 1-51-010-9 17B-A1 

Established 188 6 . _ • .. Co A° 

Enrollment; 1,490 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $2,100 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 



iumis 


74 


Accreditation: « 

51 Prasidor.t Mr. William B. Baldt 

05 Mce Pres v Acadeaic Cean Dr. Mohauned Ilyas 

53 lice Pres Adainv Affairs Hr. Hichael D. Archino 

'5 Controller. Hrs. Phyllis Caopbell 

5: Librarian..... Hrs. Rose H. Beach 

07 Vice President Adxissior.s Hrs. Margaret H. Juhl 

5» i ic u Pres fcr Student Affairs Hrs. Jane E. Degrange 

37 Director of Pinarcial Aid Hs. Haria Iaylor 


Congressional District; At Large 
FICE Identification: 001431 
Entity Huaber: 1-51-600-Q297-A1 
Coed 


L'allVES SIT I OP DELAWARE 

Kevin 16711 
Coantj: se* Castle 
Telephone (302) 733-2000 
E3t.jr.iin ted 1533 
Earollxsr.t: 15,000 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-state) : $998 
Control: State-Related «-1-« 

a ; jfcest Qffe deg: Doctorate 

Vrojra*: THtair.il Occupational Eelov Eachelor's; Liberal Arts 
acd General; Tracker Preparatory- 1 — 

Accredit at IS s: H, EOS, clpsi, diet 

0 1 Pres ideas 

vb Protest 

Qi »ict President Student Affairs..". 

>> ‘‘loe Pres Eaplayee ?.e laticns. . . . 

so Treasurer 

C« fine last to Pres 4 Eriv Sec..." 

icstci Las t Pisan Plan 

»£*sao Tice fres Facility Hgat.. 

08 Director of Libraries 

J - Cco rliaator of Research 

U Act q uiceoccr Ccifuticj Center. 

«’ 0 it *«*..? r of iiusoi Relations. .. 
i’j Oar for Uatversiiy Develorioat. 

«7 „rr of Put Info Services 

i* ^u^tor "a itersity aelaticss.. 

0J 3 Ir error of Aiiissioas 

?C 2 ir actor of otadtnt 3 ecoris . . . . 

V. sirtcwr of Financial Aid 

5i5 ' :SC *' 3: * iiKS ar ' 3 Pi*C€M8t. 

* C8BSM118-3 Vertices... 

'< -/.rector of Security 

:! Csttiauicj Education.. 

?.? J* aa ^JCduaUure Sciences... 

a« of Arts ltd Sciences 

3. Sms of Business and zceecaics. 

5 1 of Hiication 

!»? 'Jwr, st En f iaeeriry 

• » .Mi of Mutis Besoirces.. .. . 

: ' JaE Karina Studios *” 

- *** a (j! x.irsir.^., 

?? 5** 9 ot Affairs.'.!!!!”!! 

- lz F ** Mawtisa t Recreation. 


Professional 
ESG, BT, HUS, HUB, PTA 
... Dr. 2. Arthur Tcabant 
.... Dr. L. Leon Caapbell 

... Hr. Stuart 0. Sharkey 
..... Dr, c. Harold Brown 

.. Hr. J. Robert Harrison 
....... Hr. Arno Loessner 

> Hr. Anthony P. Graziano 

Or. Robert W. Mayer 

Ns * Susan Brynteson 

... . Dr. Robert D. Vanin 

* Hr. Joseph A. Reay 

.... Hr. T. Elbert Chance 
... Hr. Jack p. Varsalona 

*s. Bary J. Heapel 

.... Hs. Suzanne c. Hoore 
.... Dr. Douglas Mcconkey 
Hr. Joseph ?. Di Hartile 
Dr. Douglas s. HacDonald 
... Dr. Edgar J. Townsend 

Dr. John E. Bishop 

.... Hr. Jaaes P. HcGroty 

Hr. John A. Hurray 

... Dr. Donald P. crossan 

Dr - Helen Gouldner 

Dr. Ecic Brucker 

Dr. prank B. Hurray 

• Dr. irwin G. Greenfield 
•• fr. Alexander Doberenz 
•• Dr. william s. Gaither 
... Dr. Edith H. Anderson 

David L. Aaes 

David H. nelson 


H&22.E! COL Its J 


2-: *i*r t * 3.71 
Ciucty: uzt 
Tvlsy tuo« <> 
m-ifcUa ?-»d 
Fa null i*«t; 
Atf i i la* ion; 

Uffe 

vi'/Afr4»r 

» a 1 5 vs*;; 
Afics edit atis 
*XwS 1 1« s».. 

s«a laws 3 Ha 
Z M r. 0* £*-; 
2*41 ct AH 
iirv: tur of 
-Jcgasiis.. 
Dir Cu’i n.s»i 

Six tor it 
7 it actor 
Tic i*n tur of 
3 j 


congressional District: At Large 
• — - Identification: 001433 
Entity Suaber: 1-£1-O06-4335 -ai 

undergraduate Tuition a r .d Fees: $3?8s2 


,SC* 


G2) 735-2350 
1s7j 
1,2ft 7 

United Hath: 

Will J.: r ,.!’'«, ! ««nwMt ( Se,6ster 

*1: all* 1 8scll6loc,6 5 liberal Arts 

S« A31-JE, HI 

• Dr. a. Jervis Cooke 
1 Walter j. Bars 
Hichael J, Bright j r . 
Joseph ?. Slights Jr. 
*• Hs. Haija s. 

• Hr. h. Thoaae 

• Hr. Paul 

Hrs. Alice Eassussen 
*••• Hr. Herbert Koon 
..... Hiss Sella Hard 
..Hrs. Geotgeana Dux 
Joseph w. Dougherty 


M | * * 

a»5«*?re*i’.Br*x!”” 

d*r.ts 

4-»3iii.r.-... . ... .**]** 

...!!!! 

-•;!? ari ?lace»«st.!! 
■.>»?«*« r Center.... 
Aiassi. .......... 

■:viHse 

u.xieg Saasiae. 


fir. 


Mason 

Welch 

Lawless 


Hr 


• f t id 


f * c *** z*eti* nm 

WrtlF !*»' • ' *“ i5 > ■•««« 

'"*'**' *«* Cetera I; Prci 6I3 , 9 . tl 


*2,750 
Sa aester 


Accreditation: H 

01 President Urn. Audrey K. Dehors t o-ir. 

05 vice Pres Acad Stdnt Affairs Dr. Robert M. Davids 

10 Business Manager Mr. Daniel n, 'toko lull 

07 AdDis 6 Financial Aid Director Hr. Arthur E. I.tjndjrer. 

06 Registrar Mrs. Pattlo L. .lonnltjs 

08 Librarian Mins H.iry l.ou ronsvll 

70 Director Childrens School ittrs. .'ianilra IUcA«r, 

DISTliICT_OF_cgi,ll_fJI)I A 

AMERICAN UNIVERSITY 

Washington 20016 PICK Identification: 0 U 14 ] ^ 

Telephone (202) 606-2000 Entity Number: 1 “‘>3-019-6549-11 

Established 1893 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,214 Undergraduate Tuition and Ftieuj J4,6?0 

Affiliation: United Methodist So»oitior 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Delou Bacholor'aj Llboral Arin 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; P ro feso ional 
Accreditation: H, CLPSY, #IPSY, JOUR, LAH, HUS, NIIR, TRP 

01 President Dr. Richard Deronltem 

30 Vice Pres for Development Hr. I.. Victor Mchlaer. 

05 Provost Dr. Hilton Greonborj 

32 vice President-Student Life Mr, n. Uruca Poynier 

10 vice Pres Finance e Business Hr, John K. McKinley 

45 Dir Plan Budget 6 Instnl Rosrc Mr, Billina P. Aq*« 

07 Dean Admis c Financial Aid Hs. Rebecca R. Dlx-M 

06 Registrar Mr. Donald W. Hurls 

08 Librarian Mc . Donald D. Dflenh 

25 Vice Prov Academic Development Dr. Francla J. Parrix 

26 Asst Vice Pres Univ Relations Mr. Irving A. Spalding 

29 Director of Alumni Dr. Josoph D'Agoutlns 

in Director Personnel Services nr. John H<m 

36 Director Placement Office Hr. Robert llopkla* 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Robert G. OgllUe 

38 Director Counseling Center Dr. Michnol fitndtei 

27 Director University Relatione Mr. Scott V. Tildaa 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Ms. Joanotto plantadoal 

11 o£ . s « c “ cit J ® safety Mr. Robort Slo.jCrlcJ 

si Sf! t5 ts a ? d Sclences Ec. Frank Tutaj 

fin n« ^ ducation Dr. Myra P. Sadk^r 

sn oft Coomunication Mr. Frank J. Jordan 

In °f® n _ Bu ® in ® ss j A ^ ffli '»istration Dr. liar beet F. Stclnot 

“ S“ n " °, f ?" cs1 " 3 »r. U„r« b. lliin 

51 Dean * ' J1c * Thoaafi Buorgonthal 

nn ^ ean ^ ontinu i n 9 Education Dr. Thonan A. Voffot 

nn n 6311 8 Pub AdminiE tcation Dr. Dorothy (l, Jaaua 

55 Ztl Internal ^ cna£l Affairs D C ! KbSJ'sf c2.t” 

00 S5al 1 Servlce DC. william C. 01801 

Dean Justice Hc> vlchRVfl KJtva 


BEACON COLLEGE 

2706 Ontario Road Nv, Washington 

Telephone (202) 797-9270 En 

Established 197 1 En 

..4SSH“ a 

Highest Offering: Master's 

toSSUuSTi,*"- °*““ 1 

01 President 

05 3 {Si2 i ? tratif ® Coocdin ator ! ! ! ! 

10 Administrator 

10 Business Officer 

^JeSSS^r.^^or. ..!!!:;• 
37 Financial Aid Director 

11 sst: SSJSBSS;: 


20009 

FICE Identification: 029026 
tity Number: 1 -04 “2U9-0090-A.' 

Coed 

»ate Tuition and peon: Jl r 950 

Othtr 


.... Hark RosdRiK 

Onlay ll in tuft. 

David HoKflR 

Karen White 

Urmila PoattfiChk« 
M. Elizabeth SJiACfis 
.. Caroline flack 
Jeannio Hnnaanc 
. Katbryn Girard 
... Carole Bundy 
... Greta Si»lth-Kot 1-r 
Barbara Zulli-D* Emil to 


♦BENJAMIN FRANKLIN UNIVERSITY 

16th Street Nw, Washington 20036 

Telephone FICE Identification* OOlb.i 

established Entity Humber; 1 -5J-OOC- 96*J0-i 

Encollaent: o 

SJSi'oSsy;;* aa «»•> « 

Program: 9 * 

Accreditation: sbcs 



75 


.2ISTBICT_OF.COLUMflIA 


CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF AMERICA 

620 Michigan Ave H E , Washington 20064 

FICE Identification: 001437 
Telephone (202) 635-5000 Entity Humber: 1- 53-019-6583-A2 

Established 1887 Coed 

Enrollment: 0,252 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,250 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
p lofessional 

Accreditation: M , ARCH, CLPSY, ENG, IAW, LIB, HT, tius, NUR, 

SW, TED, TI1EOL 

01 President Dr. Edmund D. Pellegrino 

05 Provost Dr. John 0. Murphy 

03 Executive Vice President tr. C. Joseph Nuesse 

10 Vice Pres Finance 6 Treasurer Mr. Fichacd C. Applegate 

30 Vice Pres University Relations Hr. Robert E. Carter 

32 Vice Provost Student Affairs Mr. Thomas F. Ritz 

45 Dir Info syst ems-Planning Dr. Edvard D. Jordan 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Fred Peterson 

06 Registrar Er. David J. McGonagle 

07 Dir Admissions G Financial Aid Mr. Robert J. Talbot 

36 Director of Career Services Mr. Eric Schlesinger 

34 Dean of Students Cr. Gerard J. Kennedy 

25 Director of Sponsored Programs Dr. Robert N. Schwartz 

29 Director of Alumni Relations.. Mr. Vincent P. Walter Jr. 

26 Assoc Vice Pres Development Hr. Richard W. Keefe 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. 'Karl C. Thomas 

15 Director of Personnel Services Hr. Jerome K. Milligan 

04 Exec Asst to the President Dro. Gregory Nugent 

50 Vice Provost-Grad Dean.. Hsgr. Frederick R. McManus 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Eugene R. Kennedy 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Raymond J. steimel 

54 Dean of Engr and Architecture Dr. George E. McDuffie 

61 Dean of Lav... Mr. Steven P. Franfcino 

64 Dean of Music Dr. Thomas O. Mastroianni 

70 Dean of Social Work Dr. Joan W. Hullaney 

66 Dean of Nursing.... Sr. Rosemary Donley 

73 Dean of Religious Studies Rev. Carl J. Peter 

51 Dean of University College Dr. John J. Gilheany 

00 Assoc Vice Pres Pub Info Mr. Douglas W. Spangler 

CORCORAN SCHOOL OF ART 

17th and New York Ave N W, Washington 20006 

FICE Identification: 011950 
Telephone (202) 628-9484 Entity Number: 1-53-019-6641 -A1 

Established 10 90 Coed 

Enrollment: 208 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,050 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: ART 

01 Director Dr. Peter C. Harzio 

05 Interim Dean , Mrs. Sarah II. Verkes 

06 Registrar Ms. Janice E. Bronson 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Heidi E. Donner 

00 Interim Librarian Ms. Martha M. Wright 

45 Director of Finance E Planning Ms. Gwendolyn H. Goffe 

19 Director of Security Mr. Donald Cochran 

26 Director of Schorl Relations Ms. Canute M. Vaiciucaitis 

30 Director for Development , Mrs. Sheila Nuccio 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Ms. Barbara E. Elefter 

38 Counselor..- Jamie N. Shuler 

10 Bus-Administrative Officer Mrs. Laura M. Stovall 


DCJilNI CAN HOUSE OF STUDIES 

487 Michigan Ave N E, Washington 20017 

FICE Identification: 012803 
Telephone (202) 529-5300 Entity Number: 1-53-601-6922-A1 

Established 1902 Coed 

Enrollment) 34 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
program: Professicnal 
Accreditation: M, TI1E0L 

01 President . Rev. Mark Heath 

07 vice Pres-Acad Dean-Dir Admis Rev. Romanus cessario 

10 Treasurer Bro, Bertrand 0‘Connor 

06 Regstr G Secretary Studies Rev. John F. Hinnebusch 

08 Librarian Rev. John R. Vandegrift 

32 Dean Students and Counseling - Rev. Arthur J, Payne 

GALLAUDBT COLLEGE 

7th 6 Florida Ave N E, Washington 20002 

FICE Identification: 001443 
Telephone (202) 651-5005 Entity Number: 1-S3-019-9507-A1 

Established 1057 Coe( * 

Enrollment: 1,285 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,013 


control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: M, SW, TED 

01 President Edvard C. Merrill Jr. 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs John S. Schuchman 

10 Vice Pres Business Management Paul K. Nance 

30 A ctg Director of Development Phillip T. Schavone 

06 Registrar .. Linda A. Dillon 

07 Director of Admissions Jerald M. Jordan 

08 Librarian Bern L. Edwards 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Allen E. Sussman 

25 Vice President Research Coin Hicks 

29 Dir Alumni and Pub Relations Jack F. Gannon 

37 Financial Aids Officer Thomas 0. Berg 

27 Vice President Public Service.. Thomas A. Mayes 

58 Dean of the Graduate School... Gilbert L. Delgado 

49 Dean College Arts S Sciences... Jean shoemaker 

60 Dean School of Communications. David Tweedie 

53 Dean Sch Ed G Human Services.. Thomas Landers 

75 Asst Vice Pres Ed Resources Donald Torr 


GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY 

37th 6 0 St N W, Washington 20057 

FICE Identification: 001445 
Telephone (202) 625-0100 Entity Humber: 1- 53-019-6603- A1 

Established 1789 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,816 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $ 11,970 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts ana General; Professional 
Accreditation: H, DENT, LAW, MED, NMT, NUR, RAD 

01 President Rev. Timothy S. llealy 

€4 Secretary Miss Virginia H. Keeler 

05 Exec Vice Pres and Provost Rev. J. Donald Freeze 

32 Vice President Student Affairs..... Hr. William B. Stott 

26 Vice Pres University delations Ms. Adele L. Wells 

30 Vice Pres Admin and Facilities Hr. William Hiller 

45 Vice Pres University Planning Dr. Joseph Pettit 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. George R. Houston Jr. 

29 Executive Director of Alumni... Mr. James P. Reed 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Dr. Joseph A. Chalmers 

08 University Librarian Mr. Joseph E . Jeffs 

09 Director Instnl Research Hr. Stuart L. Rich 

37 Director of Financial Aid. Mr, Kenneth A. Kohl 

36 Director of Placement Ms. Anita S. Bollt 

14 Director Computation Center Dr. Allan B. Tucker 

51 Actg Dean Sch for Summ-Cont Ed Ms. Elizabeth Beall 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Rev. Royden B. Davis 

58 Actg Dean of Graduate School Mr, T. Stephen Cheston 

61 Dean of the Lav School Hr. Davia J . McCarthy Jr. 

63 Dean of Medical School Dr. John B. Henry 

52 Dean of the Dental School Dr. David E. Beaudreau 

66 Dean of Nursing School Dr. Elizabeth S. Hughes 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Ronald Smith 


GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY 

Washington 20052 PICE Identification: 001444 

Telephone (202) 676-6000 Entity Number: 1 -53-019-6584 -Ai 

Established 1821 Coed 

Enrollments 23,068 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,601 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
professional 

Accreditation: M, ANEST, APCP, MID, BBT, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, 

HSA, IIPSY , LAW, MED, MT , HUS, RTT, SP, TED 

01 P resident. ...................... - Dr. Lloyd H. Elliott 

03 Provost-Vice Pres Acad Affairs.. Dr. Harold F. Bright 

30 Vice President for Development Dr. Seymour Alpert 

10 Vice President and Treasurer...... Mr. Charles E. Diehl 

45 Dir Planning and Budgeting Mr. William D, Johnson 

63 Vice Pres for Medical Affairs Dr. Ronald P. Kaufman 

25 Vice Pres Admin and Research Dr. Carl J. lanqe 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. William P, Smith 

15 Director of Personnel Services......... He. James E. Clifford 

06 Registrar Mr. Robert Gebhar dtsbauer 

07 Director of Admissions..,,..... Mr. Joseph Y. Ruth 

38 Director of counseling center..... Dc . E. Lakin Phillips 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid..... Ms. Vicki J. Baker 

36 Placement officer Hr. Gordon H. Gray 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. F. William Raabo 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Ms. Sandra Phipps 

26 Director Public Relations........ Mrs. Frances S. Harsh 

08 University Librarian Mr. James E. Alsip 

49 Dean Columbian Col Arts G Sci...... Dr. Calvin D. Linton 

58 Dean Grad Sch Arts 6 Sciences.............. Dr. Henry Solomon 

61 Dean of National Law Center......... Hr. Jerome Barron 

54 Dean Engr and Applied Science Dc, Harold Liebowitz 

53 Dean of Education Cr - Eugene W. Kelly 

50 Dean Govt 6 Bus Administration Norma M.Loeser 

51 Dean of General Studies Dc . Robert 1. Holland 

71 Dean Dniv and Summer Students Dt. William F. Long 



2I§2fii£S_3I_£2iSSBI» 


76 


HOWARD UNIVERSITY 

24Q0 Sixth Street N V, Washington 20059 

F ICE Identification: 001448 
Telephone (202) 636-6040 Entity Humber: 1-53-020-4707- A1 

Established 1667 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,605 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,025 

Control: Independent Monprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: H, APCP, a ART , BUS, DENT, DH, a D I ET , ENG, LAW, 
MED, HT, HUS, 11 UR, OT, PHAR, PTA , RAO, RTT , SV, THEOL 

01 President James E. Cheek 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs „ Lorraine A. Williams 

45 vice Pres Admin-Secretary . Owen D. Nichols 

10 Vice Eres Qus-Fiscal Aff-Treas Caspa L. Harris Jr. 

30 Vice Pres Develop and Univ Rel Roger D. Estep 

32 Vice Pres fcr Student Affairs Carl E. Anderson 

15 Dir personnel Administration Arthur E. Newman 

26 Act g Dir University Relations Alan L. Hermesch 

09 Dir oper Anly-Instnl Resources Harold i. Collins 

37 Director of Financial Aid Goldie w. Claiborne 

06 Dean Admissions E Registration... William H. Sherrill 

08 Director University Libraries Binford H. Conley 

71 Director of Sunmer School Graham Johnson 

57 Dean College of Fine Acts Thonas J. Flagg 

49 Dean College of Liberal Acts... Robert L. Owens 

4G Dean Sch Architecture Planning.... Harry G. Robinson HI 

54 Dean School of Engineering Lucius H. Walker Jr. 

50 Dean Sch Bus 6 Pub Admin Hilton Wilson 

58 Dean Grad Sch Arts S Sciences Edward «, Hawthorne 

61 Dean School of Law Wiley K . Branton 

73 Dean Howard Uni v-D iwi ni ty Sch Lawrence N. Jones 

.70 Dean School of Social Work jay chunn 

53 Dean School of Education Willie 1. Howard 

63 Dean college of Medicine Russell L. Hiller Jr. 

52 Dean College of Dentistry Jeanne c. Sinkfocd 

b7 Dean Col Phar-Phamclgcl Sci Wendell T. Hill Jr 

66 Dean College of Nursing Anna B. Coles 

60 Dean School of Communications Lionel C. Barrow Jr. 

59 Dean School of Hunan Ecology Cecile H. Edwards 

69 Dean Col Allied Health Science Harley E. Flack 


Accreditation: M, SRCB 

01 President Dr. Earkev Kibarla.i 

26 Director of Public Relations Hrs. Maryann Goyol 

32 Director of Student Affairs Dr. Jean Rees 

08 Director of Learning Resources. Vacant 

10 Comptroller Mrs. Joyce J. Jobe-Baifour 

06 Registrar Mr. Brinton P. Thompson 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Krystyna Jankovski 

30 Director of Development Ms. Caroline Harshill 

50 Dean Undergrad Studies.... Dr. Andrew G. Kelson 

5 B Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. J. Lee Vesicate 


5TRAYER COLLEGE 

601 13th St N W, Washington 20005 

FICE Identification: 001469 
Telephone (202) 783-5180 Entity number: 1-53-015- 1907-A1 

Established 1904 Coel 

Enrollment: 1,629 Undergraduate Tuition and Fens; 12,185 

Control: Organized as Profit ttakinq Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; Teacher 
Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: u)M , SRCB 

01 President Mr. Gerald E. Hellott 

05 Academic vice President Dr. Rita Buddeke 

10 Controller Mr. Allen It. Katz 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Joseph W. Donovan 

30 Director of Counseling Ms. Cecelia Maloney 

06 Registrar Mr. Arthur M. Cavanagh Or. 

07 Dir Col Relations C Admissions Mr. Frederick F. Ilafner 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Mr. Lawrence X. Dixon 

08 Librarian Mrs. Barbara Krell 

36 Director of Student Placement Ms. Shirley J. Stepro 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Dorothy Colton 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Richard Voelkel 

13 Director Information Services Mr. Ron K . Bail?? 

04 Assistant to the President Ms. Gladys [> . Johnson 

19 Director of Operations Mr. William Coatss 

50 Dean of the College Mr. Charles B. Giordano 

51 Director Continuing Education Vacant 


MOUNT VERNCII CCLIIGI 


2100 

Tele 
Esta 
Enro 
Cont 
High 
Pr eg 
Acer 
01 Pre 

05 Vic 
10 Bus 
30 Dir 

07 Dir 

08 Dir 
32 Dea 

06 Reg 
27 Dir 
37 Dir 
51 Dir 


Fexhall Road M w, Washington 20007 

flCE Identification: 001452 
phone (202) 331-0400 Entity Nuuber: 1-53-019-6625-A1 

blished 1875 Women 

llaent: 598 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,700 

rol: Independent Nonprofit Other 

est Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
ran: Liberal Arts and General 
editation: M, 1F1DER 

sident. . ct. Jane Evans 

e Pres for Acad Affairs. dc. Judith F. . Weiner 

iness Manager. Mr. Donald Bain 

ector of Development. Ms. sally Donner 

Admissions- Financial Aid Ms. Elaine Liles 

ector of Library As. Judith Sessions 

“ n Dr - *y a " 

l*t*r :*,**;• : ; Ms- Jeanette E. Moore 

ector of Public information Ms. Kathleen Power 

ector Student Financial Aid.. Ms. Elizabeth Fonseca 

ector Continuing Education Ms. Hicole Long 


OBLATE COLLEGE 

391 Hichigan Ave N E, Washington 20017 

_ , . PICE Identification; 001455 

Telephone (202) 529-6544 Entity Humber: 1-90-000-0293-A1 

Established 1916 Coed 

22 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $ 1,715 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Lover Division 
Program: Liberal Arts ana General; Professional 
Accreditation: M, THEOL 

2k 272 !^ Eev * Bichac4 «»rphy 

SOUTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY 

501 Eye Street S i, Washington 20024 

.JmSlStaa 2 ^ 88 " 8 -' 62 EntityBumbS^vIl-JsS^wlS 

, ,,S3 ? Dndergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,250 

Control; independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 


TRINITY COLLEGE 

Franklin C Mich Ave N E, Washington 20017 

FICE Identification: 00'u60 
Telephone (202) 269-2000 Entity Number: 1 -53- 01 9-6640-A1 

Established 1897 CoeJ 

Enrollment: 814 Undergraduate Tuition and Fean: $4,050 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Senosier 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: M 

01 President Sr. Rose Ann Fleming 

03 Vice President Vacant 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Jean Villke 

32 Dean of Students Sr. Phyllis Branifl 

10 Treasurer Sr, Dorothy McCormick 

30 Director of College Relations Mrs. Roseanno Casey 

06 Dir Instnl Research-Registrar...... Dr. Karen W. Kershensiein 

04 Assistant to President Sr. Anne Denise Blake 

07 Director of Admissions Miss Marga McNally 

29 Director of Alumnae Affairs Hrs. Anne Marie McGovern 

08 Librarian Sr. Dorothy Bsacfi 

37 Director Financial Aid Sr. Anne Cecilia Coxer. 

38 Coordinator Counseling Center Dr. Patricia Eerne 

53 Dir Master Arts Teach Programs Dr. James Van Dieh 

73 Dir Education Parish Service. Sr. Joan Bland 

UNIVERSITY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 

4200 Connecticut Ave N W, Washington 20000 

„ , ■ FICE Identification: 029100 

Telephone (202) 282-7700 Entity Number: 1-53- 600- 1 1 31 - 1=2 

Established 1975 Coed 

Enrollment: 15,096 

„ t , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $199 

control: Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M, ADNUR+, ENG, ENGT+, FUSER+, RAD, RSTH+, SW + 

01 President. Mr li'ala c Carter 

in \H Ce o reS ?* a ? 8Bic Affairs Dr. Barbara L. Carter 

22 « res t dain Services Mr. Claude Ford 

5 Vice Pres Financial Management... Vacant 

on »~* 9 ? d ? is and Re 9istrat Mr. Lahugh Bankston 

14 n?! 9 L i fc “ Ey and Hedia Mr. Albert Casciero 

37 *rto C n?r «L P t r f° nne1 ’ * «r. Stephen Montgomery 

37 Actg Dir stdnt Financial Aid Col. John Posey 



77 


FLORIDA 


36 Actg Die Car Plan 6 Placement... Dr. Joan Lipscomb 

14 Dir rtgmt Information Systems Hr. Richard wiste 

09 Actg Dir Instnl Research Dr. Annie Hayes 

3ti Dir Ctr Pers-Ed Development Dr. James Smith 

27 Director Public Affairs Hr. John Oritton 

SI Dean Continuing Education Dr. Irvin Gordy 

56 Dir Coop Extension Services Dr. Thornell Page 

71 Director Cooperative Education Dr. Annabelle Reitman 

55 Dean University College Dr. Evaugh Fields 

4 The A D H U R» E N G T, FUSER, R S T H Programs Are Only 
Fully Accredited at the Van Ness Campus. The S W Program is 
Only Fully Accredited at the Mount Vernon Square Campus, 

WASHINGTON INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE 

814 Twentieth Street Nw, Washington 20006 

FICE Identification: 011920 
Telephone (202) 466-7220 Entity Number: 1-23-71 1-2559-A1 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 266 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 12,305 

Control: Independent Nonprofit other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: 3M 








03 

Dean of Spec Academic Programs 


05 

Dean of Senior Curriculum 





09 

Dir of Institutional Research 





50 

Director of Computer Sciences 



WESLEY THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

4500 Hass Avenue N W, Washington 20016 

F2CE Identification: 001464 
Telephone (202) 363-2171 Entity Number: 1- 53-024-5887-A1 

Established 1002 Coed 

Enrollment; 341 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate: No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 


Accreditation: M, THEOl 










.. Mr. John 8. Breckenridge 



















71 

Dir of Sumo Sch 6 Cont Ed. 



FLORIDA 


ART INSTITUTE CF FORI LAUDERDALE 

3000 East Las Olas Blvd, Fort Lauderdale 33316 

Congressional District: z 
County: Broward FICE Identification: 010195 

Telephone (305) 463-3000 Entity Number: 1-59-131-7702-Ai 

Established 1966 a t . C0B ° 

Enrollment: 1,600 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2- Year principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: N AITS , . , 

01 President Kark 

05 Yice Pres-Directcr Admissions.... Robert S. Peterson 

10 Controller.. Margaret Barber 

BARRY COLLEGE 

11300 N E 2na Avenue, Miami 33161 congressional district: 13 
County: Dade FICE MentiMcatio#: 001W6 

Telephone (305) 758-3392 Entity Number: 1-59-062 436 4 A1 

Established 1940 3 =nn 

Enrollment; 2,047 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. S3,ouv 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic semester 

Highest offering: Master's . . 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory, 

Profess ional 


Accreditation: SC, NOR, sw 

01 President Sr. S. Trinita Flood 

05 Actg Vice Pres Acad Affairs Sr. Marilyn D. Horman 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Mr. Timothy H. Czerniec 

32 Dean Stdnts-Pian Coordinator tr. George J. Wanko 

07 Dean of Admissions. Hr. Jerry W. Bergeron 

08 Director of Library Services Sr. Franz Lang 

06 Registrar Mrs. Grace H. Scholloeyer 

37 Director student Financial Aid Miss Laura Galvis 

36 Dir Counsel-Career Development........ Krs. Mary Ellen Hrutka 

29 Director of Aluoni Hiss Jeanne T. Vecchione 

15 Director of Personnel Sr. Myra Jackson 

09 Dir Institutional Research rtrs. Teresa B. McDonald 

26 Director Public Relations Hr. Sari Bradshaw 

30 Vice Pres for Development Hr. Gary D. Smith 

19 Director of Campus Security Hr. Charles Gunn 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. R. William Horell 

70 Dean-School of Social Work Dr. John H. Riley 

53 Dean-School of Education Dr. John w. Maguire 

66 Dean-School of Nursing Sr. Judith A. Balcerski 

49 Dean Sch of Arts and Sciences Dr. Andre Cote 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Toni A. Powell 


♦ BAUDEfi FASHION COLLEGE 

100 S E 4th St, Miami 33131 Congressional District: 14 

County: Dade FICE Identification: 009784 

Telephone (305) 371-1508 Entity Humber: 1-58-096-6384-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 640 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,300 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3SC, FIDER, NATIS 

01 President Mr, John Kettle 

04 Assistant President.. Mrs. Maria K. Ployd 

07 Director Education Mrs. Shirley chesley 

10 Chief Business Officer Mrs. Elizabeth Noone 

25 Contract Administrator Mrs. Anne J. Gerstein 


BETHUHE COOKMAN COLLEGE 

640 Second Avenue, Daytona Beach 32015 

Congressional District: « 
County: Volusia FICE Identification: 001467 

Telephone (904) 255-1401 Entity Number: 1 -59-070-4726-A1 

Established 1904 

Enrollment: 1,736 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,728 

Affiliation: Unitea Methodist Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 


1 

01 

accreditation: SC 


Bronson 



Gainous 




Higqins 




C. Cook 




. Childs 




P. Sills 

25 

Cocrdinator Federal Pregrams 

Cr. Valarie 

H. Boldt 
G. King 




. Greene 







Coleman 




C. Moore 



Mr. Lucius 

H. Davis 



.... Mrs. Talqueta 

C. Hill 




L. McKee 

38 

45 



, Dexter 

Director Long Range Planning 



BISCAYNE COLLEGE 

16400 N W 32nd Avenue, Miami 33054 it 

Congressional District: 13 

countv Dade FICE Identification: 001468 

Telephone (305) 625-6000 Entity Number; 1-59-094-9880- A1 

Enrollment: llflfs Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *3,360 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

o/Saia»n“!":.!! MV. Patrick ». O' Mill 

05 0 «n =? «. College 

09 Dir institutional Research.. 

07 Director of Admissions.. • »*« Ja » es T * PlElcec 



nsmi 


70 . 


06 Registrar.... Rev. Cyril J. Smith 

25 Director of Titles and Grants....... Dr. David Rafky 

37 Director of Financial lid... Rev. Thomas J. Hahony 

29 Director of Alumni.. Sev. Raymond Geisser 

O'* Adiinv Assistant to President Hs. Estelle Spitalnick 

3& Director Developient Center Sr. Carnelita Centanni 

26 Director Information Services Hr. Paul Haber 

36 Director of Placeaent Mrs. Loretta Lilly 

49 Academic Dean Dr. John J. Weldon 

51 Dean Continuing Education..... Cr. Dan Dolesh 

55 Dean HilinguaL Pcograas Rev. Francisco Rodriguez 

56 Assistant Acadeaic Dean... Mr. Elio Delcanal 

59 Director Graduate Prograss Dr. Ron Newell 

BREVARD COMMUNITY CCLLZGE 

Clearlate Road, Cocoa 32922 Congressional District: 9 

County: Brevard FICE Identification: 001970 

Telephone (305) 632-1111 Entity Huober: 1-59-092-0675-A1 

Established 1960 Coed 

Earo llaent: 1G,89u 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $098 
Control: Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Tears 
Program; Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc, DA, mltad, bad 
. 1 Pcosident.. Dr. a axwe u c . K i n g 

i? Bi3t pcc *' Inst A^vmceient Cr. Robert L. Breuder 

l* aMm! 5°??* Caa P“ s Dr. Muriel K. Heimer 

e.. provost Melbourne Caapus nr. Willi*™ a u„ nn 

02 Provost Titusville caapus Dr. Rayaond J. Kosita 

02 Provost Open Caapus Dc . ». P 

2* Direr t S,P J plan Me. James c! Huaphrys 

*“ 

' Dfiin o£ 0cs;u P 6 Coat Education Mr. L. Nelson’Donnell 

Bf.Qif A3 C Ca»M UNITY COLLEGE 

226 2 Las Olas Boulevard, fort Lauderdale 23301 

County: s.-ovard Congressicnai District; 12 

Telephone (3051 7 £l- 7 ufin = rlC. Identification: 001500 

EitatUehJ 1959 °° 2Btlty * uabec: '-59-12,-6(07-11 

Enrollment.; 20 ,uu 3 Coed 

Cent col: Local 08dat « Md »« e and Fees(ln-State) : inso 

Hijat'st Offering: 2 But Less Than 9 years Trimester 

PEwgraa: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's- 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable * 2 * eac 

iccc.lu.ti.., «, B1C , Pm> H3IH _ 

01 President 

03 Executive Vice Presides* Alfred H. Adaas 

04 iMUntt to the President,".’’.* Dr ' CllDt ' n D * Haailton 

^ Student Development. «... Dr. Bruce Ivey 

1C Vice Pres for Business Affairs Dr * George *• Young 

05 Vice Pres for Ac.d^K {«!}£:: Dr ‘ Ala " »■ BieleJ 

2 4c ? ctoe 0£ Bevalcpiect.- ‘1* * - vacant 

06 Registrar nc * Albert Robertson 

oa Director of Litraries ” Dr * Glen *• Bose 

09 Dir of lastituticnal Research!’! nl* S.' u Cady W * Dcalte 

1-> directs e of Data Systems... ° " aotha V. Mehallis 

15 Director of Personnel !!!!!!! 5°7_ Yreeman 

Murray 
alcoahe 
cavford 
Church 
Greene 

«e. Hall Whaley 

CENTRAL FLORIDA C0HBU8ITT COLLEGE 

* 0 ,jS3 » Ocala 3A67C r , nnpoc - 

^.h-jatyj flaricn congressional District: 9 

T»If»ph;;e (jto«) 237- 2111 g n ti,y C J 1 ^ entAf icatiost 001971 

Established $957 Sbtxty Humber; 1-59-121-3999-^ 

Hr. roil* eat: 2,5,2 Coea 

cchtroi: local 0n ' Jergra4jat * Tuition and Fees (In- state) • jgg fl 
“9! 2 But Less Than 9 Iear<t Senester 

Bachei ° c,s s 2-y ea r 

accreditation: sc ’"»*t«nie 

01 President 

05 S**n oi Acadeaic Affairs! Dr * Henc Y E. Gcodlett 

ic 10 th * ^«aia«t.!!!!!!!’' *S b8 ^ f* Ritt «hof f 

10 0*U5 ASaisietrati.a Services. ** ars * J »nace c. Bacris 

Max o. Curry 



13 Dir of Information Systems Mr. William S. Daapier 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Janes F. Gilligan 

06 Registrar and Admis Officer Dr. Casius II. Dealer 

OS Director of Library Services Mr. John G. Jfulton 

30 Dir of Res and Development Mr. Hilliau ti. Jackson 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mrs. Doris. Datsel 

38 Director student Counseling Dr. Thomas L. Weaver 

36 Director Student Placeaent Mr. Holton L. Aldccaan 

27 Director Information Office Mrs. Sandra K. Bullock 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Ilyrum C. Jenson 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Wallace s. Ilnaiick 

72 Dean Voc Ed and Technology Dr. Fred 0 . Young 

CHIPOLA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

college Street, Marianna 32946 Congressional District: 2 

County: Jackson FICE Identification: 001472 

Telephone (909) 526-2761 Entity Humber: 1-59-600-4004-A 1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,080 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- state) : S404 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President D C , Raymond H. Doming 

05 Academic Dean Dr. James A. Lovla 

06 Regstr and Admissions Officer Dr. Joyner Sima 

08 Dir of Lib-Learning Resources Hr. William s. stabler 

10 Director Business Affairs Dc. H. Dale O'Daniel 

32 Dir Student Personnel Services Mr. Marlon w. Godaoy 

37 Director of Financial Aid 4 .. Dc. Mary E. Sweeney 

75 Dean Voc-Technical Education Mr. Albert n. Caraway 

CLEARWATER CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

3400 Gulf-To-Bay Blvd, Clearwater 33519 

Congressional District: 6 
county. Pinellas FICE identification: 001473 

Telephone (813) 726-1 153 Entity Number: 1-59 - 1 U-3963-A 1 

Established 1966 Cood 

484 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: J1,5'«t 

j2 d 6 P endent Nonprofit son out or 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
f“® ca ?! f-ikeEal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: 3IC 

10 Busine“‘2 69St ^®'®^ Dr ^ joh"e .^HotoeJ tS 

^ D -- , 

32 Dean of stnalnil Hcs • Mic, iael Wornor 

34 Dean of Wnmon 0tS Rev ' Noi:,san p « Spottfl 

73 Chrm. i Hcs. C. Paul Cartwright 

« zxsz ::::::::: “J;. 4K{*,: 

COLLEGE OF BOCA RATON 

County Palm 1 Be ach° a Rat ° n 33431 Congressional District: 11 
Telephone (305) 994-0770 „ ^ ! 1CE Identification: 001505 

Established 1963 Entity Number: 1-59-102-3 1 17- A 1 

Enrollaen t • s^i . Con fl 

control: independent Non *' * 1 ?$ 
5J»5® st 0£ feEing: 2 But i ess Than 4 Years 

Pri!cipaUy n Bachei UP t tl0nal Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Accreditation? s BaChelor,fi Creditable 
01 President 

03 Exec vice President 111 - Dr - Donald E, Ross 

07 Dean of Admission" Finance Me. Gerald D. Carvllle 

05 Academic Dean •••• Se. Marie R , Beck 

32 Dean of Student ’services ” C * Jaiae3 D * Hatthov3 

08 Librarian... ierv ices « c • Kenneth llovie III 

29 Director Mrs - Dorothy J. Clarke 

rations Mri Q re q or y j, Malfitano 

DAYTONA BEACH COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

County; volusia ayt0 " a Beach 3201 5 Congressional District: 9 
Telephone (904, 255-ftm PICE Identification: 001M75 

-Established 195 a Entity Number: 1-59 - 1 21 - 1 2 26- A 1 

Enrollment; 6,906 , Good 

Control: local Dndergraduat ® Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $U96 

5r i o 9 i;. 8 i; 0 J|»i i :2i *■•*«. 4 Years Se.^ter 

Principally Bachelor Is ^creditable Bach9loE,s ' 



79 


FLORIDA 


Accreditation: sc 

01 President 

45 Vice Pres Acad-Instnl Planning. 
10 Vice Pres Adminv-Bus Services.. 
05 Provost O Dean-Main Campus 

05 Dean Spec Progs-irng Resources. 

32 Dean Student Development 

27 Director of Community Affairs.. 

14 Director of Data Processing.... 

37 Director of Financial Aid 

06 Director of Registration 

15 Director of Personnel 

09 Dir of Instituticnal Research.. 
30 Dir of Resource Development.... 

38 Cha ir person-Ccunseling 

56 Provost G Dean-Open College.... 


Er. CharLes II. Polk 

... Dr. Catherine P. Cornelius 

Mr. Fred E. O'Connell 

Dr. T. K . Hetherell 

Dr. Don A. Ihigpen 

Dr. Halter C. Howard 

.......... Mr. Robert D. Troup 

Mr. Anthony R. Yebba 

Mr. Hilliao E. Gentry 

Mr. carl A. Shafer 

Mr. George L. Keller 

......... Mr. Lloyd 0. Lauffer 

Dr. Robert S. Dennard 

• Mr. Norman Shepard 

Dr. Paul D. Thompson 


EC.KERD COLLEGE 

Saint Petersburg 33733 Congressional District: 6 

County: Pinellas FICE Identification: 001487 

Telephone (013) 867-1166 Entity Number: 1-59-005-9121 -A1 

Established 1959 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,047 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,435 

Affiliation: Presbyterian US and United Presbyterian 4-1-4 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Peter H. Armacost 

05 Dean Faculty-Acad Vice Pres Dr. Lloyd W. Chapin 

10 Vice President Finance Dr. Dennis H. Binning 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Mark W. Smith 

07 Dean of Admissions. Dr. Richard R. Ilallin 

06 Registrar.. Ms. Ruth R. Trigg 

0B Director of Library Services Mr. John B. Vigle 

26 Director of Public Information... Ms. Betty S. Ray 

38 Director of Counseling Center Dr. Linda J. Snow 

04 Executive Assistant President Dr. Earle H. Clifford Jr. 

45 Dir Plan and Anlyt Studies Dr. Edvard 3. Stevens 

EDISON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

College Parkway, Fort Myers 33907 Congressional District: 10 
County: Lee FICE Identification: 001477 

Telephone (813) 481-2121 Entity Number: 1-59-121 -1 051 -A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,383 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $420 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. David G. Robinson 

05 Vice Pres and Academic Dean Dr. II. J. Burnette 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Max G. Riaves 

10 Dean of Business Services Dr. James A. Slusher 

36 Dir of Guidance and Counseling Mrs. Ellen Peterson 

08 Dir Learning Resources center Mr. Dean P. Ritzman 

07 Dir Admissions and Records.. Dr. Dean O. Clark 

37 Director of Student Activities Hr. William P. Hood 

09 Dir Research-Federal Programs Mr. Russell C. Peeples 

26 Coord of Community Relations Mrs. Nanette J. Smith 

14 Manager of Data Processing Mr. David T. Wallace 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Mr. Maurice S. Cochran 

70 chrnn Division Social Sciences Dr. Dorothy I. Lord 

57 Chrnn Division of Humanities Dr. Ann H. Marcus 

49 Chrmu Division Basic Sciences Dr. James 1. Nevton 

75 Chrmn Div Applied Sciences Vacant 

66 Head Dept Allied Hlth Stdies Mrs. Margaret N. Anfinsan 

64 Head Dept Fine-Performing Arts.... Dr. James A. Cain 


EDWARD WATERS COLLEGE 

1658 Kings Road, Jacksonville 32209 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Duval FICE Identification: 001478 

Telephone (904) 354-3515 Entity Number: 1-59-114-6751-A1 

Established 1866 Coq6 

Enrollment: 615 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,980 

Affiliation: African Methodist Episcopal Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President. Dr. Cecil H. Cone 

05 Dean Academic Affairs.. Dr. John H. Eaves 

10 Director of Business Affairs Vacant 

04 Exec Assistant to President Dr. Richard Danford 

07 Coordinator Financial Aid.... Mrs. Ruvenia S. Tolen 

32 Dean of Student Affairs..................... Me. Robert Hoover 

25 Dir Title III 6 Fed Relations........ Mr. Lorenzo A. Woodvard 

06 Registrar Mr. Leonard Q. Collier 


08 Head Librarian Mrs. Jaan s. Jones 

29 Coordinator Alumni Relations Mr. John A. Higgins 

30 Dir Instnl Plan G Development Dr. Sharon F. Tolbert 

36 Coord Coop Ed G Car Outreach Mr. Lamar J. Williams 

38 Coordinator Counseling Center Mrs. Oetya williams 

55 Coord After-Five Program Hr. Hilliao Simpson 

68 Director of Athletics Mr. John Lee Jr. 

53 Assoc Dean-Coord Gen Education Dr. Mary R. Hoover 

51 Coord Spec Serv Upward Bound Mrs. Juliet H, Fields 


+EMBRY-RIDELE AERONAUTICAL UNIVERSITY 


Regional Airport, Daytona Beach 32014 

Congressional District: u 
County: Volusia FICE Identification: 001479 

Telephone (904) 252-556 1 Entity Number: 1 -59-093- 6 ’0 1 - A 1 

Established 1926 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,115 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2, ’00 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 


Accreditation: SC, ENG, EIIST 

01 President 

02 Provost Daytona Beach Campus.... 

02 Provost Prescott Campus 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.. 

30 Vice President Marketing 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs... 

26 Director of Public Relations.... 
08 Director of Media Services. 

06 Dean of Registration-Records.... 

07 Director of Admissions 

14 Director of Data Processing 

15 Director of Personnel Services.. 
38 Director of Counseling Center... 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid 

36 Director of Career Center 

33 Dean of Students... 

10 Comptroller 

51 Dean Continuing Education 

49 Dean Col Aeronautical Studies... 
72 Dean Col Aviation Technology.... 


Dr. Jack p. Hunt 

. . . . . Mr. John A, Fidel 
Dr. Wilber A. Middleton 
Dr. Charles S. williams 
Mr. Richard J. Queenan 
Dr. Jeffrey H. Ledevitz 

Mr. Robert Cessna 

...... Ms. M. J. Luther 

. Mr. Robert W. Pihlaja 
.. Mr. Joseph Geolinski 
. , . . Hr. Jerry B . Davis 
.. Ms. Irene McPeynolds 

Mr. Linda Bloom 

.. Ms. Naveda L. Wilder 

Ms. John Berry 

. Mr. Robert L. Rockett 
.... Mrs. Martha Sexton 
. Mr. William J. Meehan 
... Dr. Robert S. Brown 
Dr. Paul Daly 


FLAGLER COLLEGE 


P 0 Eox 1027, Saint Augustine 32084 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Saint Johns FICE Identification: 007893 

Telephone (904) 329-648 1 Entity Number: 1-59- 1 15-708 1 -A 1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 777 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,200 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. William L, Proctor 

05 Dean of the College Mr. Robert F. Carberry 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. William T. Abare Jr. 

10 Director of Business Services Mr. Jack B. lakes 

06 Registrar Me. Henry F. Lloyd 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Darwin L. White 

04 Asst to the President Ms. Helen C. Amato 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Stuart w . Reid 

08 Library Director... Hr. Glen E. Platt 


FLORIDA COLLEGE 

Temple Terrace 33617 Congressional District: 7 

County: Hillsborough FICE Identification: 001482 

Telephone (813) 988-5131 Entity Number: 1 -59-073-7882 - SI 

Established 1944 Coea 

Enrollment: 460 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,000 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President......... * Mr. James R. Cope 

05 Dean and Director Admissions..... Dr. Roland H. Lewis 

10 Adminv Asst-Chief Fiscal Off Mr. Bob F. Owen 

32 Dean of Students... Dr. Charles G. Caldwell 

06 Registrar Mr. Harry E. Payne Jr. 

26 Director of Public Relations......... Hr. Harry w. Pickup Jr. 

30 Dir Develop G Alumni Assn.... Mrs. Margie 11. Garrett 

08 Librarian. Mr. Lowell G. Copeland 


FLORIDA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

p 0 Box 1150, Melbourne 32901 Congressional District: 9 

county: Brevard FICE Identification: OO'ne? 



80 


FLOHID&. 


Tale phone (305) 723-3701 Entity Number: 1-59-604-6500-A1 

Established 1958 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,133 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,213 

Control: Independent nonprofit ' Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: SC, BUG 

01 President.... Dr. Jerome P. Keuper 

04 Vice President Administration.. Dr. Ray A. Work 

05 Exec Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dc. John E. Killer 

30 Vice Pees Developoent Affairs Dr. John Ft. Esans 

26 Developoent Associate Hr. Tomas Adams 

27 Chief Information Services Kr. Michael D. Hoore 

10 Vice Pres of Financial Affairs Hr. Jchn U. Simmons 

32 Vice Pres of Student Affairs Dr. Barry A. Fullerton 

06 Regstr Elr cf Support Services Hr. George S. Jones 

07 Dir Admis-Ccop Ed 6 Placenent Mr. Fobert S. Heidinger 

06 Librarian Dr. Llewellyn L. Henson 

33 Coord Stdnt Af fairs-Activities Hiss Marcia 1. Petty 

09 Dean Grad Studies G Research Dr. Harry P. Weber 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Jack D. Hughes 

33 Director Student Life Hr. Holmes C. Beausang 

IK Director Computer Center Hr. Eddie V. Brock 

15 Director of Personnel a R. Thooas G. Rutherford 

19 chief of Security Mr. John N. Franco 

25 Director Alumni Relations.... Dr. Arthur A. Kimball 

49 Dean Management G Humanities Dr. James T. Stoms 

58 Dean Grad Sch-Dean Scl G Engc Dr. Harry P. Weber 

70 Dean School of Psychology Dr. Charles C. Corman 

72 Dean-Exec Dir Jensen Beach Can.. Hr. Ernest E. Tealey 

75 Dean School of Aeronautics Mr. James A. Lauderbaugh 

63 Dir Medical Research Institute... Dr. Rcnald H. Jones 

51 Director Continuing Education Mr. Herbert J. KcChrystal 

53 Head of Science Education... Dr. Robert H. Fronk 

5b Dean Science G Engineering Dr. Andrew W. Revey 

56 Director Off Campus Programs Mr. Edward F. Cudgel Jr. 

PLORIDA JUNIOR COLLEGE AT JACKSONVILLE 

210 H. Main Street, Jacksonville 32202 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Duval 73CE Identification: 001484 

Telephone (904) 358-1812 Entity Number: 1-59- 114-9317-A1 

Established 19 63 Coed 

Enrollment: 14,670 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S420 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Eachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, DA, DH, BLTAD, BSTH 
01 President Dr. Beniamin R. Wygal 

03 Executive Vice President Dc. Charles O. Ferguson 

10 Assoc Vice Pres for Finance Mr. Jackson L. Spears 

06 Registrar Ms. Carolyn E. Luck 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Jeffrey A. Stuckaan 

27 Dir Information Services Hr. Julius c. Green 

30 Dir Educ Resource Development.... Dr. Stephen R. vise 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. David L. Hartshorn 

14 Director Data Processing Hr. William z. McTaaaany 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Rosanne R. Hartwell 

05 Assoc Vice Pres Educ Services... Er. Erwin T. Lightfield 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Benjamin F, Campbell 

FLORIDA KETS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Kay West 33040 Congressional District: 15 

County: Monrce FICE Identification: 001485 

Telephone (3C5) 296-9001 Entity Number: 1-59-12Q-9205-A1 

Established 19 63 coed 

Enrollment: 1,685 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $450 
Control: State/Local Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President Dr xiii.. i c D= v„,- 

05 Dean Academic Instruction Er . Ha i Massey 

10 Dean Adiinv and Eus Services Hr. Richard R. Kinsei 

26 Director Information Services Mrs. Beth’saith 

91 ^ cectoc Secords-Registraticn me. william Rudy 

11 SeadTiEr:ri5n“ i££i0ne *«• ES«£! 

13 Dir Mgat Info Sys 6 Personnel Mr" John Andrell 

37 Director Student Financial Aid.... Hr! James Kennedy 

04 Assistant to the President * ' 5 

75 Dean Vocational lustration. ...... ....I* H r. i^raSki 


+ FLORIDA MEMORIAL COLLEGE 

15800 11 W 42nd Avenue, Miami 33054 

Congressional District: < 3 
County: Dade FTC E Identification: 001486 

Telephone (305) 625-4141 Entity Nutnber: 1 -59-066-8483- V> 

Established 1879 Coed 

Enrollment: 765 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Millie C. Robinson 

03 Vice President Dr. Clarence L. Ccyer 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Barbara S. Ricks 

30 Dir Development ana Planning.... Mr. Burt Kruger 

32 Dir Admis-Finan Aid-Stdnt Serv Hr. Roberto J. Darcagan 

08 Librarian... Mrs. Edna J. Williams 

10 Business Manager Hr. Koduru V. S. Rao 

37 Assoc Director Financial Aid Mr. John H. Decourcy 

38 Dean of student Affairs Dr. Louisa B. Wynn 

06 Registrar Mr. Adolph A. Thompson 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dc. Lawrence S. Bestaan 

26 Community Affairs Coordinator Mrs. Sandra T. Thompson 

29 Coordinator Alumni Affairs Mrs. Elizabeth W. Rudolph 

51 Director Cooperative Education.... Mrs. Doris 11, Carter 

71 Coordinator special Programs Dr. Richard Lewis 

FLORIDA SOUTHERN COLLEGE 

Lakeland 33802 Congressional District: A 

county: Polk FICE Identification: 00 14GB 

Telephone (813) 683-5521 Entity Number: 1-59-06 2-4 4 0 1- A 1 

Established 1885 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,484 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,747 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Robert A. Davis 

05 Vice Pres-Dean of the College Dr. David G. Mobbecley 

10 Vice President for Finance Hr. Brunner R. Hunt 

07 Director Admissions Mr. William 8. Stephens 

06 Acting Registrar Mrs. Mary L. Spencer 

08 Director of the Library Mr. George L. Stallings 

30 Vice President for Development me. Mead F, Rogors 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. T. M. Haggard 

27 Director of the News Bureau Mr. William II. Boyer 

36 Director of Placement Miss Clara Wise 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Hugh A. Horan Jr. 

FORT LAUDERDALE COLLEGE 

1401 E Broward Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale 33301 

Congressional District: i 2 
county: Broward FICE Identification: 008146 

Telephone (305) 462-3761 Entity Number: 1 -59-097-2013 -A1 

Established 1940 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,045 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,090 

Control: independent Nonprofit v . . Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 
Accreditation: SRCB 

01 President Mr. Douglas D. Oevaux 

03 Executive vice President He. James M. Patch 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Barry G. Friedman 

07 Dir Adais-college Relations Hr. Barry F. Katz 

10 Dir Administrative Services Mrs. Joyce B. Lawson 

no f* aanc f al Aili Officer Mrs. Joanne D. Slorton 

nc » , F ian Hr. Nicholas Evancik 

06 Registrar Mrs. Joy Markowitz 

GULF COAST COHMUNITY COLLEGE 

5230 West Highway 98, Panama City 32401 

Congressional District: 1 
Ba * , FICE Identification: 001490 

i 9 ?SL, 769 “ 1551 Entity Number: 1-59- 120-B 1 55-A 1 

Established 1957 

Enrollment: 3,967 

, , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $364 

Control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, DA 

os viceicSsid;;;:::::;"* Lawrenc a »• Tyco® 

It llT n ;*»«*• services:::::::: ' 

32 Sean at 3 " ’ * * “ * Robert L. McSpadden 

32 Dean of Student Services.......... Frank W. Eiseman 



FLORIDA 


0& Dir Learning Resource Center Charles B. Bond 

OU Assistant to the President Ivie H> BuEch 

26 Director of College Relations Ian C. Barker 

36 Assoc Dean Instr Car Education Lewis E. Baber 

06 Registrar Harold N. Conrad 

38 Coord Counsel-Career Guidance..... Catherine nix 

37 Coordinator of Financial Aid Daniel S. Smith 

5* Director Continuing Education Pamela S. Hooper 

75 coordinator Student Activities Roy W. Smith 


RILLSBCPQUGH COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


P 0 Box 22127, Tampa 33622 Congressional District. 7 

County: Hillsborough FICE Identification: 007870 

Telephone (813) 078-7222 Entity Number: 1-S9-12 1-9841 -A2 

Established 1968 Coed 

Encolla^nt: 10,f)24 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $420 
Control: state semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, NMT, RAD 

01 President Dr. Ambrose Garner 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Dr. John R. Williams 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Rosanne Guuer 

15 Dir-Pers Employee Relations • Hr. David Myers 

04 Exec Assistant to President Hr. Leonard Brown 

06 Director Admissions 6 Records • Vacant 

08 Director Library Services Hiss Lindy Fernandez 

14 Director Data Processing..... Mrs. Susan Gryzbowski 

27 Director-Communication Hrs. Vicki Van Eepoel 

32 Dean of student Services y aca ?j 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mc ',!’? ECy Arnold 

38 Director of student Services Hr. William strawn 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Sandra 

57 Director of Humanities Dr. Diana 

51 Director continuing Education Dr. Plano D. Valdes Jr. 

75 Dir Occupational Education Dr. Edward Mattson 

68 Dir Health Physical Education vacant 


03 Vice President Dr. ». L. Thomson 

04 Assistant to the President Ms - Be ^ t ^ k 

05 Dean of the College Daniel M. StacK 

07 Director of Admissions ‘V* * a rr": 

08 Librarian 

26 Public Relations Director Anna Lee To. - 


JACKSONVILLE UNIVERSITY 


Jacksonville 32211 Congressional District: 3 

County: Duval Fic? Identification: 001495 

Telephone (904) 744-3950 Entity Number: 1-59-062-4412 A1 

Established 1934 

Enrollment: 2,370 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 13, i U 

control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: liberal Arts and General; ieachec Preparatory, 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, MUS , 

01 interim President Dr. Frances B. Kinne 

05 Dean of Faculties - Dc - Jo ^ n ** Tca *JL * 

10 Vice Pres-Business Manager Mr. Robert G. Augspurg.r 

on Bsniqtrar Mr. Robert L. Barnett 

07 Director of Admissions Wc * J * Th ^^H^Gunn 

08 Director of the Library. Hc * Th ° rhin 

37 Director Financial Aid Hrs. Helen K. - - 

30 Dir Develop 6 Cmty Relations Hr. Donald E. Anes 

26 Director of Public Relations ; ME ®; J* 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mr. Charles «. jalk E 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Jack B * ^bert 

19 Director of Pnysical Plant •; NE : J S ?{j s 

57 Dean of Fine Aits Dr. James 0. Sikes 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. James J. Drady 

50 Dean Col Bus Administration Dr. !J atrry ,^r d* Linp 

51 Director Continuing Education nr nUvle c \lv 

54 Chairman Division of Education Dr. Daryle C. May 

64 Chairman Division of Music ;• » • e 

68 Director Physical Education Dr. Judson B. llarn 


Trimester 


+ HOB IB SEMINARY 

1965 Alton Road, Miami Beach 33139 

Congressional District: 14 
County: Dade FICE Identification: 029179 

Telephone (305) 534-8444 Entity Number: 1- 59-103-2333-A1 

Established 1975 

Enrollment: 35 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 3i,auu 

Control: independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Undergraduate Non-Eegree 
Program: Teacher Preparatory 

Accreditation: 3IC . 

03 Treasurer deEE 5 

04 Executive Director Rashi Shapiro 

INDIAN EIVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

3209 Virginia Avenue, Fort Pierce 33450 , , k , n 

Congressional District: 10 
County: saint Lucie FICE Identification: 001493 

Telephone (305) 464-2000 ’ Entity Humber: 1- 59-120-651 6- A1 

Established 1960 Co0Q 

Enrollment: 4,186 . , . ... on 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) . *420 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, DA, DT, RAD „ , . 

01 president Dr. Herman A. liaise 

03 Exec Vice Pres-Cbief Acad Off Dr. John W. Muir 

32 Dean of Students Dr. David L. inderson 

10 Dean of Financial Affairs Dr. Gerald ft. Jenkins 

INTERNATIONAL FINE ARTS COLLEGE 

1737 North Bayshore Drive, Miami 33132 

Congressional District: 14 
County: Dade FICE Identification: 008878 

Telephone (305) 373-4664 Entity Number: 1-59-11Q-9761-A1 

Established 1965 . , . R c °® a 

Enrollment: 240 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: so, sum 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Edvard Porter 


JONES COLLEGE 
♦CENTRAL OPFICB 

Arlington Expressway, Jacksonville 322 11 

Congressional District: i 
Countv Duval FICE Identification: 008236 

!*!“?. 

♦JONES COLLEGE JACKSONVILLE 

Arlington Expressway, Jacksonville 32211 , 

3 Congressional District: 3 

countv: Duval FICE Identification: 0Q1497 

Telephone (904) 743-1122 Entity Number: 1-59-058-723&-A1 

Enrollment? 1 f 1 83 undergraduate Tuition and Faes: 81,225 

control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s; Professional 

Accreditation: SRC 0 , , _ 

01 President C ‘ J???® 

02 Chief Administrative officer •••• Rac l ia d 

05 Dean of Instruction Hichacd A . 

07 Adnis-Col Fel Coordinator Barry D. Durden 

37 Coordinator of Financial Aid lumnhrev 

36 coordinator of Placement Brenda D. Humphrey 

♦JONES COLLEGE ORLANDO 

1505 East Colonial Drive, Orlando 32803 

Congressional District: 9 
county oranae FICE Identification: 001499 

Telephone (305) 896-2407 Entity Number: 1 -59-058-7238-A2 

Established 1918 , ' «i ooc 

Enrollment: 1,530 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $1,225 

control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate . 

program: Teruinal occupational Belov Bachelor's! Professional 

Accreditation: SRCB n wt r bv 

02 Vice President . Ouida B. Kirby 

S5 :::::::::::::::: 

S? JiSSaSS'iii * ^ a. Eberts 



82 


HSIIBA 


LAKE CITY COHMQHITY COLLEGE 

Counter 4 ?' u? Xe City 32055 Congressional District: 2 

^™ t { 1 Columbia FICE identification: 001501 

Lte buSLd 19 In 1822 Entity Huaber: ^^-o^-izae-Ai 

Euro llnent : 2,866 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) j $420 
control: state t 

Highest Offering: 2 Out Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Acer editation: SC 

25 «• B . mmi,. 

32 Dea n Secv ic '*' s '' *• - ^las* 1 Sf t±ne H spa ck caS 

08 Director Learning Resources ^rs Ella Francis 

31 Director of Financial Aid i....: . Hs Ethal Pa£ae 

07 Director of Admissions Martha e* Rrnun 

26 Director Information Services k C s Hartv vnnr 

49 Dean of Transfer Division I ” ! ! I! ! ! ‘Si!* i.JSJi A llrltll 

51 ittl l oc ~l schnica , 1 division nr. Herbert B. Attaway 

51 Director Continuing Education... Miss Rathee caughlin 

'LAKE-S DHTEE COMMUNITY CCL1EGE 

Co™t!-\aJe S ° Uth ' leesbur ° 32748 Congressional District: 5 

Enrollment: 1, 969 Coed 

Control: State/Local" 9 ^ 3 * 6 TuitioD and ^e 3 (In-St ate) ,: $420 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Sears it-itester 

Program: Ternlnal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

Vs Dean'oH^'con^;:::::::;;::: D V°iIm« r^ nchac ; 

32 Dean of student Services i. .::: i.*.'. ?..* Sr Dilie'j Jl!en 

10 Dean of Adminv Services 1 61 f. 

08 Director of Library Services... n«i "l Asbel * 

27 Dir of Cooaun it v Mr * D 4 berb H * Copeland 

2! 

3' 

Dt. W alter E. Allan 

LAKELAND COLLEGE OF BUSINESS AND FASHICN 

C0«t“ Ku' l,k,la " 1 33802 congressional District, 8 

Control^organized as Prof it r «afcing te IUlti ° n and Fee£ J S1-94U 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Quarter 

Ac«Id"itaUon: n 55cS C<;UPaUOnal Bel ° W BachQlor ' s 

01 President.... 

03 Eiec Vice Pres-ctlef Acad btC.’.V/.' Hz’* "illiamT L!° be f S 

07 Director of Admissions c * McGraw Jr. 

08 Head Librarian ' Vacant 

37 Director Financial Aia B , !, 61 e /““ r 

26 Pub Rel Off -Director Placement Hs. Linda Petrovich 

29 Dir Alumni Rel-Dean Students?*””’*’* Tcs lllZl Bplvey 

10 Business Officer...... c*. f S J Kath i Barnes 

32 Director of Student Services.”.’”” rkillS 

33. Dean of Hen * Conn i® Henderson 

34 Dean of Vonen....... Janes Hclnvaill 

Cathy Barnes 

MANATEE JUNIOR CCLLIGE 

5840 26th Street Nest, Bradenton 33507 

county: Manatee p ,£° n ional District: 8 

Telephone (8 13) 755-15)1 PnH “ „ identif ication: 001504 

Established 1957 Entlt * Mui,bars 1- 59-603-11 82-A1 

Enrollaent: 5, 280 Coed 

control, total "«*•■ and . , 55 « 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Senester 

Prog raa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's- 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable ’ 2 * eat 

Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, pad 

Ol Acting President . 

03 Dean Administrative Services. V./.V//., , n r £!?/’ Korchecfc 

32 Dean of Students r. r ‘ Rer>lt K« Johnson 

Dr. Cyrus E. Criswell 



J® bus * ness Affa * rs Dr. Bobby Ballard 

Dean of Adnissions and Records Mr. Gilbert H. NcHeal 

09 Asst Dean of Instnl Research Dr. Alton R. Kindred 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Stephen J. Korcheck 

75 Dean Occup-Technical Education... Hr. Burnette R. Tinsley Jr. 

MIAMI CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

2300 N H 135th Street, Miami 33167 

_ . Congressional District: 13 

County: Dade FICE identification: 012314 

Telephone (305) 685-7431 Entity Number: 1-59-076-02 17-A’ 

Established 1949 Co * a 

Enrollment: 321 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,080 

Control: Independent Nonprofit n-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 

Professional 
Accreditation: fisc, BI 

DR » re ! ld ? nt Dr. George s. Pearson 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Harlan H. Hybocny 

10 Business Manager Mr. Gilbert A. Ctcio 

32 Dir Pub Rel-Student Services Mr. J. Davis Horrison 

06 Regstc- Financial Aid Hr . David E. Niles 

30 Director of Development Mr. Halter B . Barry 

HI AM I-DADE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

11011 s H 104 Street, Miami 33176 Congressional District: 15 
County: Dade PICE identification: 001506 

Telephone (305) 596-121 1 Entity Number: 1 -59- 12 1-048S-AU 

Established 1959 Cb0( , 

Enrollment: 39,212 

_ . , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $430 

Control: state othe , r 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
AGC Do^ ta nfS?i SC ' ADNUB ' DH ' FUSER / mltad, mrt, ptaa, rad, 

XI o i n # RSTHT 

10 ' Dr. Robert McCabe 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Dr. Lester Brooknec 

in President for Education Dr. Terence Kelly 

is lUl ^ res :^ nsbnl Advancement Dr. Horace J. Traylor 

03 ^ resident Public Affairs Dr. Piedad Robertson 

0? linl d J° C Ad “ inv Services Dr. Duane Hansen 

0? vfr! ^ 6side " t * Sout h Campus Dr. Killian Stokes 

2*2 Center Campus Dr. Elizabeth Lundgren 

If { p ®. ESon ' iel Mr. Kilbur G. Ilolladay 

29 nil* fy 9t «os-Planning-Research Dr. Howard p. Nicely 

09 Sean n? h T» 2<*°i} e9e / elations Hr * Charles H. Kalker 

27 nfr n ° f n Instituti °n a l Research Dr. John Losak 

37 Dir cf fl v “? U 2 A S y R ® lations Hr. Herbert Price 

06 nir « Redsral Relations Mr. George lledgespeth 

75 rnf n«n S e Re9StC ^ D SeEvices He. Douglas E. Matthevson Jr. 

75 Col Dean Occup Education Dc . George „ e halUs 

MORRIS JUNIOR COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 

4635 N Harbor City Blvd, Melbourne 32935 

sa;„! r s , -isrssassstssroiiia! 

EstabUshed I^O Entlty NUnlbeE! 1-59-O97-0148-A 1 

SJSirS.: 5 ? a Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 11/JS4 
control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Ar^?ed?U? rain 2 1 0ccu P a tional Below Bachelor's 

Accreditation: jrcb 
01 President . . 

03 Executive, gi,. il**Ii**r * Mr * Hilliam T. Morris 

S 7 , ffis;: Kfi 

37 Director SUa.nrjiiiiainii | 1 1 1 

NORTH FLORIDA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

HadiSOn 32340 congressional District: 2 
Telephone (904) 973-2288 vntir iC: u identification: 001508 

Established 1958 Ebtity Nu,,lbeE: 1 ' 59- 1 21 -4 592- A1 

Enrollaent: 746 cosd 

Control: Local Uader 9«d ua te Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $420 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Y«ars Semester 

p“;ciSally n Ba C hel UP t ti0na;i Eelow ^belor's; 2-Year 
Accreditation^ sc ° E ^ ^ Creditable 

01 President.. 

05 Dean of Academic Af Uirs. ’ i i ! ! ] .* [ | ®* r V p * Si » 3 

............ or. Halter L. Bishop 



83 


FLORIDA 


32 Dean of Student AEfai.cs Dr. Stephen w. Ritch 

10 Comptroller Hr. John w. Morris 

06 Regstr-Dir Admis-Finan Aid Mrs. Mildred S. Bruner 

06 Director of Library Services Mrs. Lu A. Sands 

38 Director Student Counseling Miss Kathleen II. van Alst 

75 Dir of Occup- Adult Division.... Dr. John E. Sands 

♦MOYA UNIVERSITY 

College Avenue, Fort Lauderdale 33314 

Congressional District: 12 
County; Broward FICE Identification: 001509 

Telephone (305) 475-B3C0 Entity Number: 1- 59-1 08-3502-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,220 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *1,410 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessiona 1 
Accreditation: sc, SLAW 

0 1 Chancellor Dr. Alexander Schure 

02 President Dr. Abraham S. fischler 

03 Vice Pres for External Affairs Vacant 

10 Vice President Finance Mr. Maurice Rosenblatt 

04 Asst to Pres Business Affairs Mr. Peter A. Korn 

25 Con tract Administrator Mr. Robert Norkunas 

15 Director Personnel Services Mrs. Helen P. Graham 

14 Director Computing center.... Lr. Edward R . Sioco 

26 Chief Public Relations Officer...... Dr. Stephen L. Goldstein 

27 Director of publications Hr. Ramon F. Sanchez 

06 Regstr-Dir Admis-Finan Aid Mr. Donald E. Halter 

0B Librarian Mr. Robert Bogorff 

61 Dean Law Center Dr. Ovid C. Lewis 

65 Director Life Sciences Center Dr. Joel Warren 

50 Dir Grad Management Programs... Dr. Martin I. Veiner 

54 Director Ocean Sciences Center Vacant 

SB Dir ctr Pub Aff- Administration Dr. John M. Clarke 

53 Dir Natl ctr Sch leadership Er. Gerald E. Scoufe 

49 Director Undergraduate Center Dr. Philip Deturk 

OKALDQSA-HALTON JUNIOR COLLEGE 

100 College Boulevard, Niceville 32578 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Okaloosa FICE Identification: 001510 

Telephone (904) 670-5111 Entity Number: 1-59- 121-40S4-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment; 3, 592 

Undorgraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $660 
Control: Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Dacholor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.... Dr. J. E. McCracken 

03 Dean of the College Dr. Bari N. Gulledge 

04 Asst to Pres-Dir Suppt Serv Ms. Victoria L. Keller 

05 Dean Instruction.. Dr. James A. Durham 

10 Comptroller... Mr. Gerald L. Fowler 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. Robert D. Wilson 

37 Dir Stdnt Pinan Aid-Services Mr. James Rhoades 

26 Information Services Officer Mr. Lester s. Smith 

00 Dir Learning Resources Center Cr. George P. Kalangis 

07 Admissions Counselor Mr. George A. Castle 

06 Registrar Mu. Eugene E. Benvenutti 

75 Dir Occupational Education Dr. Ned R. Couey 

PALM BEACH ATLANTIC COLLEGE 

1101 South Olive Avenue, West Palm Beach 33401 

Congressional District: 11 
County: Palm Beach FICE Identification: 008849 

Telephone (305) B33-0592 Entity Number: 1-59-1 09-2732-A1 

Established I960 Coed 

Enrollment; 473 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,060 

Affiliation: Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and Generals Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation; SC 

01 president Dr. George R. Borders 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs.. Dr. Paul W. Beasley 

10 Dean Adainv and linan Affairs Vacant 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Miss Annie L. Forawalt 

30 Director of Development Hr. William W. Yarick 

00 Librarian . * Mrs. Denise E. stein 

06 Registrar... Hr. Donald W. Harp 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Shirley M. Guthrie 


PALM BEACH JUNIOR COLLEGE 

4200 Congress Avenue, Lake Worth 33461 

Congressional District: i 1 
County: Palm Beach FICE Identification: 001512 

Telephone (305) 439-8000 Entity Number: 1 -59-121 -6000-A ’ 

Established 1933 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,485 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In- Sta te) : $496 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, DA, IIH, DT 

01 President Dr. Edvard tt. Eissey 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Er. Paul W. Graham 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Dr. George T. late 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Melvin Haynes 

02 Provost Glades Center Dr. Cecil Conley 

00 Provost-North Campus Dr. Ottis Smith 

30 Dean of Special Services Dr. Elisabeth w. Erling 

33 Dean of Student Activities — ..... Mr. Robert c. Hoss 

06 Registrar Hr. Charles G. Graham 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Wiley C. Douglass 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. James O. Howell 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. John W. Kelly 

27 Coordinator of News Bureau Mr. Jonathan W. Koontz 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Hr. Otis P. Harvey 

75 Dean of Occupational Studies Hr. Don C, Whitmer 

+ P ASCO- HERN ANDO COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

2401 State Bvy 41 North, Dade City 33525 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Pasco FICE Identification: 010652 

Telephone (904) 567-6761. Entity Number: 1 -59 - 130-5B31-A 1 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,770 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $420 
Control: Local Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Milton 0. Jones 

05 Vice President Dr. Hugh J. Turner Jr. 

10 Director of Business Affairs..... Vacant 

37 Coord Finan Aid & Veterans Aff Hr. Leonard E. Gude 

06 Coordinator of Records Mr. William F. Wilson 

02 Provost of the East Campus Dr. Jerry N . Kandzer 

02 Provost of the North Campus Dr. William B. Proctor 

02 Provost of the West Canpus Dr. Robert W. Vestrick 

75 Director of Voc-Tech Programs Mr. Omar B. Ergle Jr. 

PENSACOLA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

1000 College Boulevard, Pensacola 32504 

Congressional District: 1 

County: Escambia FICE Identification: 001513 

Telephone (904) 476-5410 Entity Number: 1-59- 120- 7555-Al 

Established 1948 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,991 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $420 

Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, DA, DH , DT, BSTHT 

01 President Dr. Horace E. Hartsell 

03 Executive Vice President ♦ Or. William Moore 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Or. C. Noojin Walker 

09 Dir of Information Processing..' Dr. Valdeko R. Virunurm 

10 Vice Pres for Business Af fairs. Clyde 11. Hagler 

32 Vice Pres for student Affairs..* Dr. William V. Wagner 

04 Vice Pres Cor Adninv Affairs Cr. Elaine F. Montgomery 

02 Provost Milton Campus... Dr. A. Douglas Worley 

02 provost West Campus Dr. James T. Blackwell Jr. 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions. • Louis A. Ross 

00 Librarian Dr. Larry B. Tax 

13 Director Management systems Aubrey R. Monish 

27 Coord Information Services Eileen Harrell 

14 Director of Computer Services.......... 2acl Derr? 

15 Director of Personnel Services*...... Dr. Leonard A. Stafford 

38 Director of Counseling.... * Wiley E, clement 

37 Director of Financial Aia Benjamin F. HcPherscn 

36 Placement Officer , l ? ne ? 

48 Dean Instructional Services..... Dr. Richard A. Beales 

55 Dean of Evening College... Robert R. Mussel white 

49 Dean School sciences Dr. Billy H. Daughdrill 

75 Dean School career Development....... Cr. Charles H. Key 

68 Dean Sch Hlth Related Ed . Dr. Jack Young 

53 Dean School Education Cr. Gayle capstick 

57 Dean School Humanities....*..... ♦ Dc. Rodney C. Smith 



112322 A 


•84 


POIK C CHHU HITS COLLIGE 

999 Avenue H N E, winter Haven 33860 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Polk FICE Identification: 001519 

Telephone <B 13) 294-7771 Entity Number: 1- 59-120-9033-A1 

Established 19 63 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,790 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(I n-State) : 5435 
Control: Local Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.. Dr. Frederick I. Lenfestey 

03 Vice President Dr. Daniel J. Costello 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Tixothy G. Davies 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. William F. Taylor 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Hr. Robert L. Collins 

08 Director of Learning Resources...... Dr. Patricia A. Deniston 

07 Dir Recruit-Admissions- Records Hr. Clyde A. Rodgers 

36 Director of Special Services.... Dr. Oven (1. Lee Jr. 

14 Dir Management Information Hr. Jay V. Richardson 

27 Director Information Services Hr. George Prescott 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. Dan T. Jones 

38 Dir of Counseling Services........ Hr. Ulysses 0. Johnson Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aid Dr. Horris B. Moore 

51 Director of Community Services Hr. William E. Henschel 

57 Communication and Fine Arts. Hr. Dion K. Brovn 

56 Dir Allied tilth G Biol Science Hr. James W. Conner 

66 Head Department cf Kursing Ms. Alberta Dodd 

70 Dir Business 6 Social Science Dr. Hershel H. Nelson 

72 Dir Car Education Curricula Hr. Francis J. Stephenson 

54 Dir Phys-nath 6 Ingi Science Hr. David H. Buckley 

49 Dir Adv and Prof Curricula Mr. William R. Swinford 


Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's! 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President... Dr. R. L. McLendon Jr. 

03 vice Pres-Perscnnel Officer Dr. Albert c. Haione Jr. 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Hr. Thomas C. Rogero 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Charles L. Overturf 

10 Director of Dusiness Affairs Mr. William E. Kirkland 

07 Dir Adaissions-Financial Aid Mr. Clifford A. rtcGriff 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Gerald H. Soud 

08 Director Library Services Miss Vesta L. Gordon 

57 Dean of Fla Sch of the Arts Dr. David R. Humphrey 

SAINT JOHN VIANNEY COLLEGE SEMINARY 

2900 S W 87th Avenue, Miami 33165 Congressional District: 15 
County: Dade FICE Identification: 006075 

Telephone (305) 223-4561 Entity Number: 1-59-093- 6099-A 1 

Established 1959 Men 

Enrollment: 70 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $1,015 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SC 

01 Chancellor Hsgr. John J. Kevins 

02 Rector and President Rev. Robert N. Lynch 

05 Acting Academic Dean-Registrar Mr. Fernando R. Jimenez 

10 Treasurer Rev. Arthur c. Dennison 

08 Librarian Rev. Leonard Stachura 

33 Dean of Students Rev. Thomas 0, Dwyer 

38 Director of Counseling Rev. Thomas Barry 


R1NGLING SCHOOL OF ART AND DESIGN 

1191 27th Street, Sarasota 33580 Congressional District: 8 
County: Sarasota FICE Identification: 012574 

Telephone (8 13) 355- 9771 Entity Humber: 1-59-063-7903-A1 

Established 1931 Coed 

Enrollment: 465 Undergraduate Tuition and fees: $2,100 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: SC 

0 1 President.. Dr. Robert E. Feckins 

03 Vice Pres and Business Manager Hr. Donald L. Holt 

05 Dean of Faculty Mr. Robert 1. Osborne 

32 Dean of Students nr. Harry E. Habblitz 

06 Registrar. Mrs. Hary E. Sedling Kaplan 

34 Counselor tc Women Mrs. Freida Culp 

08 Librarian Ers. Ilsie H. Straight 

ROLLINS COLLEGE 

Winter Park 32789 Congressional District: 9 

County: Orange 7ICE Identification: 001515 

Telephone (305) 646-2000 Entity Number: 1- 59-062-4440-A1 

Established 1B85 Co6( j 

Enrollment: 4,363 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,540 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: sc, HUS 


SAINT JOHNS RIVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

5001 Saint John's Avenue, Palatka 32077 

congressional District: 4 
County: Putnam FICE Identification: 001523 

Telephone (904) 3^8-1571 Entity Number: 1-59-103-3399-A1 

Established 1957 
Enrollment: 1,549 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) ; $420 


SAINT LEO COLLEGE 

State Road 52, Saint Leo 33574 Congressional District: 5 

County: Pasco FICE Identification: 001526 

Telephone (904) 588-6200 Entity Number: 1-59-123-7047-A1 

Established 1889 coed 

Enrollment; 4, 286 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $3,000 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Thomas B. Southard 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Robert c. Gould 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs Mr. Robert E. Richmond 

30 Vice Pres Develop and pub Rel Mr. Allan 0. Powers 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Robert Ackerman 

36 Director of Student Services Mrs. Elizabeth Maguire 

08 Librarian Sr. Dorothy Neuhofer 

06 Registrar Mr. A. J. Christiansen 

07 Director of Admissions Rev. Dennis Murphy 

SAINT PETERSBURG JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 13489, Saint Petersburg 33733 

Congressional District! 6 
FICE Identification: 001526 


Entity Number: 1 -59 - 1 21- 14 09- A 1 

Coed 


01 




05 




10 




03 




32 




37 




14 

29 

Dieector of Data Processing 


32 

06 




07 

Director of Admissions.... 



08 




36 




49 




51 




50 

Dean Graduate Business Program 



53 

Dean Sch Ea-Human Development 


51 


County: Pinellas 
Telephone (813) 546-0021 
Established 1927 
Enrollment: 14,499 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $400 
Control; Local Semester 

Highest Offering:' 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, AD NUB., ADVET, DH, ENGT, PTA A , RSTH 


eutot continuing Education. Vacant 

SANTA FE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

3000 N H 83rd Street, Gainesville 32601 

Congressional District: 2 
county: Alachua FICE Identification: 001519 

Telephone (904) 377-5161 Entity Number; 1-59-120-7627- A2 

Established 1965 r n pj\ 

Enrollment: 7,355 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $374 



r 


85 


FLORIDA 


Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, DA, Dll, NM1, RAD, RSTH 

01 President... Hr. Alan J. Robertson 

03 Vice Pres ccl & Acad Affairs Dr. Rcbert K. Myers 

32 Vice Pres for College Services Er. Talmadge E. Mullis 

45 Exec Dean for Administration Dr. John M. Turner 

30 Bean for Devolopnent Mr. Harvey Shacron 

10 Dean for Business Affairs. Dr. Arthur Butler 

06 Dir of Records and Admissions Mr. George Huber 

03 Head Librarian Ms. June Littler 

55 Dean Cmty and Evening Programs Dr. Clyde C. Cleaents 

75 Dean for Vocational Education Dr. Jack Fuller 

♦SEMINARY OF SAINT VINCENT DE PAUL 

Military Trail Box 460, Bcynton Beach 33435 

Congressional District: 11 
County: Palm Beach FICE Identification: 008223 

Telephone (305) 732-4424 Entity Number: 1-S9-102-8326-A1 

Established 1060 M en 

Enrollment: 72 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
program: Professional 
Accreditation: SC 

01 Chancellor M Rev. John J. Nevins 

02 Rector-President v Bev * Urban Voll 

05 Vice Rector-Treasurer Rev. John G. Block 

33 Dean of Students Rev. Thomas Foudy 

06 Registrar F ev - Jaffles Hurtagh 

08 Director of the Library Rev. John A. Crowley 

ou Acad Assistant to President Rev. Lawrence F. Lyons 

SEMINOLE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

High way 17-9 2, Sanford 32771 Congressional District: 5 

County: Seminole FICE Identification: 001520 

Telephone (305) 323-1450 Entity Number: 1-59-121-Q158-A1 

Established 39 65 C06i 

Enrollment: 4,066 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : *300 

Control: Local Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, RST1IT Uo ,. nr 

01 Prasident. . Dr. Eacl s * Heldor ' 

32 Dean of Student Development Er. James A. Sawyer 

05 Dean of Instruction DE * Jo f e P h B * n Mh t^ r !!ek 

30 Dean of Finance- Administration Mr. Andrew Vavreck 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Thomas L. Reitz 

09 Director of Systems " d Sre 

06 Registrar «*• JaJ 

14 Director of Computer center Nr. orv n. *taa 

75 Dir Voc-Teclmical Education Mr. Russell L. Moncrief 

49 Director of Academic Affairs „ Cr ’ J 11 }* 13 , ,5 ! S !I 

51 Dir of Continuing Education a^’uSth «*’»iUl«M 

55 Director of Evening studios Mr. Worth W. williams 

SOUTHEASTERN COLLEGE OF THE ASSEMBLIES OF G0C 

1000 Longfellow Blvd, lakeland 33801 District: 8 

county: Polk Identification: 001521 

Telephone (013) 665-44 04 Entity Number: 1-59-072 2789 A 

Established 1935 _ si 472 

Enrollment: 1,227 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees. JI'JZ; 

Affiliation: Assemblies of God Church i9MStat 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory 

“ *"• «si2 

10 Business Manager n^V^pJnsnp'panslec 

32 Dean of student Affairs.... DE * C 1 uiHians 

05 Dean of Education Dr. FreJ J. 1 

22 s SSSJ- 

33 Daan^J^Menlll* !"".!! Bev. Lawson W. Booth III 

jj oean or „ K . Teresa Holland 

34 Dean of Women. nunna R Brown 

29 Director Alumni Association... HE * D “ b * Jcown 

37 Director Student Financial Aid " Charles Spong 

73 student Ministry Director..... Rev * chacle p 9 

SOOTH FLORIDA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

600 M« Col lege otive, Avon Peek ”®“ gIeaslonal Dist riof. 10 


County: Highlands FICE Identification: 001522 

Telephone (813) 453-6661 Entity Number: 1-59- IR’-S 1 59-A’ 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 934 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1320 
Control: Local Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President William A. Stallard 

03 Vice President Wilford J. Beumel 

10 Business Manager Patrick v. Chambliss 

08 Director of Learning Resources......... Leila L. Sebring 

32 Director of Student Personnel Joseph E. Johnston 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Glenn E. Cockcroft 

38 Dir Vocational Counseling..... Gene D. Statler 

75 Dean Voc-Teclmical Education Donald H. Farrens 


STATE UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF PLORIDA 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

107 W Gaines Street, Tallahassee 32301 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Leon FICE Identification: 008068 

Telephone (904) 488-4234 Entity Number: 1-59-600- 1 1 38- A 1 

01 Chancellor Vacant 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Programs Dr. Roy E. McTarnaghan 

10 Vice Chanc Adminv Affairs Mr. Stephen C. McArthur 

26 Vice Chancellor Dr. George C. Bedell 

45 Vice Chanc Planning-Budgeting. Dr. Joseph H. Stafford 

♦FLORIDA AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL UNIVERSITY 

Tallahassee 32307 congressional Distr let: 2 

County: Leon FICE Identification: 001480 

Telephone (904) 599-3281 Entity Number: 1-59-097-7035-A 1 

Established 1887 coeQ 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $742 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's , , ... , 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ENGT, NUR, PUAR, SW , TED „ 

O? President Dr. Halter L. Smith 

05 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs Di. Gertrude L * 

03 Vice Pres of Administration Dr. Robert L. Carroll 

J ISLES SS: StfLW. 

il BEWaEIX;: ::::::::::::::: :«:■ ~ 

« uittm of esse ■•r l .?;:: l s?ss 

10 Chief Business Officer.... •- ; A J' en F f lzev 

14 Director of Computing center :<!? SJrnihv' Lro 

15 Director of Personnel Services 1, “toblS l^AlS! 

26 Chief Public Relations officer Mr. Fobert L. All 

29 Director of Alumni Relations i r Harold S Jenkins 

51 Director continuing Education r I tEdSl u'. Sand 

49 Dean of Hu® and Soc Science Br SthilC Hobl«v 

50 Dean of Businas. a»a InOustr, c'’«So4lJ 

66 Dean of *[[*"**9’ ... Dr. Charles A. Walker 

67 Dean of Pharmacy ....... < Fvelvn B. Martin 

53 Acting Dean of Education... D *; ^^les C. Kida 

72 Dean of Science and Technology R r. Charles c. ni 

48 Dean of Architecture Dr. Rl *; ar fJ; v C ™^on 

00 Executive Vice President Dc. Harry Blanton 

♦FLORIDA ATLANTIC UNIVERSITY 
Boca Baton 33431 

S&f 13." '“95-5.00 «««, Hu.becl ,-5,-6»»-187«-B6 

Established 1961 

fncollment: 7,3. _ t . tgltlon ani Fees (In- St.trtl JJUJ 

Hiohest' Of feting: Doctorate; Ho Dover Division 
ESE. “ES* and General, Teacher Preparatory; 

Accremmo^SC, IDS, !«□, HI, » US - ™ c GlBn , ooa t . creecb 

Si-SSSi; 

10 Vice Pres Adainv Affairs ■ Br> Bober t M. Koser Jr. 

06 Registrar....... •••• Hr. Blair Thorburn 

07 Director of AiaiuioM; * nr. Harry Skallerup 

08 Director of the Library. 0C . Ka rl P. Ijams 

33 Dean for Student Affairs........... • Hr . j 0 hn A. Weis 

15 Director of Personnel 



IlSMfii 


86 


09 Die of Institutional Analysis Dr. William H. Hunt 

26 Dir of University Relations.......... (Its. Adelaide R. Snyder 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Hs. Jeanne P. Burke 

si Dean of Continuing Education Vacant 

58 Dean for Advanced Studies Dr. John T. Kirby 

49 Dean of Science Dr. Earl M . Baker 

50 Dean Business Ad ministration Mr. Gary A. Luing 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Robert T. Alciatoce 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Denys 0. Akhurst 


•FLQBIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

Taaiaoi Trail, HiaaL 33199 Congressional District: 15 

County: Dade FICE Identification: 009635 

Telephone (305) 552-2000 Entity Hunber: 1-59-600-1 074-B7 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,500 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $742 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; !lo Lover Division 
Pragma: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: sc, DIET, EHGT, HRA, MT, Cl, PTA, SW 

02 President Dr. Gregory B. Wolfe 

0u Exec Assistant tc President Dr. Patrica II. iutterbie 

Q5 vice Pres Academic Affairs. Vacant 

10 Vice Pres Adainv Affairs Hr. Ronald G. Arrovsmith 

Act g Vice Pres Student Affairs Dr. Henry B. Thoaas 

02 Asst Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Rose Foster 

00 Act g Vice Pres Univ Felations Hs. Hana Saxon 

0b University Registrar Hr. William Younkin 

07 Director Admissions Hr. William Brinkley 

00 Dir BegistratioD £ Records Hs. Lourdes Neneses 

u5 Director Planning C Analysis Dr. Robert Winter 

27 Director Information Services Dr. Lillian L. Kcpenhaver 

09 Act g Dir Instnl Research Hr. William Duguid 

0B Director of Library Hr. Howard W. Cordell 

5 Act g Director of Personnel Hr. Adolf Thompson 

14 Director Computer Services Mr. Charles Beranek 

36 Director Student Placement Hr. Patrick Russell 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hs. Ana R. Sarasti 

3B Director Counseling Services Hr. John A. Bonano 

19 Director Public Safty Hr. Harvey Gunson 

29 Act g Coord Alunoi Affairs Ms. Joanne Hayek 

26 Dean Univ Rel Development Hr. Terry 1 Scence 

49 Dean College Arts-Sciences It. dimes Tu 

50 Act g Dean Sch Bus - Qrgnl Sci Dr. Leonardo Rodriguez 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. John Carpenter 

00 Dean Sch Hospitality Mgmt Dc. Gerald W, Lattin 

69 Dean Sch Pub Aff-Soc Services Dr. Adaa Herbert 

72 Dean School of Technology ..W* £ Lemter? 5aU 

•FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY 

ColitS- S ieo/ 2:J06 - Congressional District: 2 

ESSrs^r^'s , 6 "- 2525 Bntity^uJS^-Ig-eSSlnSJ-Si 

Enrollment: 21,461 Coed 

Control: State DcdQrgca,luate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $742 
Highest Offering: Doctorate Quarter 

^Professional 1 ACt5 General; Teachec Preparatory; 

le “sr?' 5 £« ;;s' cipsi ' fider ' »•». 

02 President............ . 

04 Exec Assistant tc !”””!!!,?'!. ll 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs " Mrs. Ruth Wester 

10 Vice Pres for Adtinv Services ...!!!!!!!*Dr* *b”j wll 

30 Director of Development... „ „ B - J « Hodge 

26 Vice pres University Rala tLonV. !.*!.* ;;;; .* ’it. pa!Sk « tSJK 

07 Director of AdiuUms!!! !!!!”!!!!!”!'* 

09 Dir institutional Research . r J #ta ? k ? 

08 Director of the library.... L* * lona Turns! 

25 Assistant Directcr of Research!.*.*!* Sr* Siiimf r’ ” iller 

29 Director Alumni Association "L!! H s f' L ucner 

37 Director student Financial Aid.........* b ij r ® * P sh * ck J e to » 

15 Director Personnel Relations Hr* " 1 ** 0 ?^ E 1 R- ” arsb 

36 Director Placement Services !!!‘c2l’ Rube!?^' ^1°° 

3c Vice Pres for student Affairs... Robert «* Shoemaker 

14 Dir Admin? Computing Services !”” L” 0ob Leach 

49 Dean Arts and Sciences ........ Me. James Spencer 

58 Dear, Grad Studies 6 Research” ’** v Wecnec B a«“ 

51 Cir Ctr Prof Develop-Pub Sbr?!! ***** ** M i Johnson 

50 Dean of Business Dr. Mary Pankovski 

60 Dean of Communications. ..!!!!!!*" ? r ’ E * Ray SoloB °n 

53 Dean of Education **’ ‘heoaore Clevenger or. 

59 Dean of Home Economics.!! ”*‘ v '**’*•••-* Q rv James L. Gant 

61 Dean of Law............. Dr. Margaret a. sitton 

Da .6 o £ u,.,„ 


64 Dean of Music Dr. Robert Gliddors 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Emilie D. Henning 

70 Dean of Social Work Dr. nay Dardill 

57 Dean of Theatre Hr. Richard G. Fallon 

♦UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA 

P O Box 25000, Orlando 32816 Congressional District: 9 

County: Orange FICE Identification: 003954 

Telephone (305) 275-2351 Entity Number: 1-59-600- 1874-BO 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment; 12,022 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $742 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, BUS, ENG, ENGT , MR A , MT, RAD, RSTil, PTT, 

SW 

02 President Dr. Trevor Colbourn 

04 special Assistant to President Dr. Alan G. Pickett 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dc. Leslie L. Ell in- 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mu. J. Philip Goroe 

30 Vice Pres for Cnty Relations Dr. William K, Grasty 

32 Assoc Vice Pres stdnt Affairs Dr. Levester Tubbs 

06 University Registrar Mr. William D. Chapman 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Ralph C. Boston 

08 Director of Libraries Me. Lynn W. Walker 

25 Director of Sponsored Research Dr. Joan Burr 

45 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. John R. Bolto 

34 Dean of Students Dr.'c. V. Brown. 

38 Dir Univ Counseling Center Cr. David A. Tucker 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Robert T. Schaal 

19 Director Police Department Hr. John F. Smith 

27 Dir of Information Services Mr. Kenneth G. Shoinkopl 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Daniel (1 . Coloaan 

36 Director of Placement Mr. James W. Gracny 

14 Actg Dir computer Services Mr. William II. Branch 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mr. Donald M. Baldwin 

29 Dir Development-Alumni Affairs Dr. James A. Donovan 

49 Dean of Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Ralph A. Llovollyn 

50 Dean of Bus Administration Dc. Clifford E . Buhankn 

51 Dean College-Extended Studies Dr. John O'Hnrn 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Calvin C. Millet 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Robert D. Koroton 

58 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Frank E. Jugo 

57 Dean Humanities and Fine Arts Vacant 

63 Dean Hlth Related Professions Dr. Owen C. Kldor 

70 Dean of Social Sciences... Vacant 

00 Dean Undergraduate Studies cr. Charles N. Micacolll 

•UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 

238a Tigert Hall, Gainesville 32611 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Alachua Pice Identification: 001535 

Telephone (904) 392-3261 Entity Number: 1 -59-600-10 M-C7 

Established 1853 Coort 

Enrollment: 32,577 

„ t , Undergraduate Tuition and Feos(ln-State) : J7'I2 

Control: state Quartoe 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

ACC ^L 3ti0n: SC ’ ANEST « APCP, ARCH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, 

“ SDIET, ENG, FIDEB, FOR, IPSY, JOUR, LAW, 

no n r .!(5' ?“ D ' eT ' HUS ' MUR ' ° T ' PHAP ' PTA ' RAD ' SP * TED » VRT 

Dc. Robert Q. Ha rotor 

11 Vice President Dr. John * . nattCMD 

° 5 ?} rl III 3 f° r « Ac ? d Affairs or. Robert A. Bryan 

in Vila d P !! S A 9riculture Affairs Dr. Kenneth R. Tefertillor 

vlll orof * or Ad “* nv Affairs Hr. william E. Elmore 

06 SniLr.iL o r 0t “ dent Adairs. or. C. A. Sandeen 

OB Di rprt nr Lf 5 3 i rac ‘ I * ** Mr . Vernon voyloc 

25 Director ai ^ ersit y Libraries Dr, Gustave A. Barter 

26 SDer *R«t f s P onaoi:ed Besearch... Dr. Frank G. Stehli 

37 Dir oJ Pub Affairs Mr. Hugh H. Cunningham 

36 L n Financial Aid Mr. Ira D . Turner 

15 Dir n! p l acemen t services Hr. Maurice E. May beery 

Street^ li r°™ 6 l Relations Hr. Robert A. Sutton 

51 Dean Acad if f=-r FU * e Da Cent ? r * * Hr * Donald II. Schoenau 

68 Dean 1“ * * ” ! ! ! " ^'ciiSlIS A ‘ 5iiS« 

“ Vice Pres Hlth Aff-Dean Med! !!!!!”! * Vacant 

66 Dean of Nursino . vacant 

52 Dean of Pharmacy D C-. Lois J * HalasaftOS 

54 Dean of Engineering! !!!!!!!!"* ‘ ’** ‘ ' * Dr * nL ° hae> l A * 

47 Dean of Agriculture Dr. Wayne H. Chen 

65 Director of Forestry”*"”'”****"”' DC ‘ Geca:Ld L * Zachariah 

50 Dean Businee.; ••••• Cr. Arnett C, HacS 

Business Administration Dr. Robert P. UntUloul 



87 


JLORID^ 


&0 Dean Journalisra-Commun Ralph L, Lcwenstein 

69 Dean Illth Related Professions- Dr. Richard R. Gutekunet 

53 Dean of Education.... Dc. David C. Smith 

56 Dean of Extension Or. John 7. Woeste 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. Charles E. Cornelius 

57 Dean of Fine Arts....... Mr. Joseph J. Sabatella 

48 Dean of Architecture Mr. Mark T. Oaroszewicz 

*0M1 VE RSITY OF NORTH FLORIDA 

4567 St Johns Bluff Rd S r Jacksonville 32216 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Duval FICE Identification: 009841 

Telephone (904) 646-2666 Entity Number: 1-59-600- 1874 -C9 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,600 _ 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S742 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Master's: No Lover Division 
program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation: SC, BUS 

02 President Dr. Andrew A. Robinson 

05 Vice Pres fcr Academic Affairs Dr. John P. Minahan 

10 Vice Pres for Adninv Affairs Hr. Jim C. Haywood 

30 Vice Pres Univ Advnmt-Pub Del... Dr. George W. Cocrick 

06 Registrar.. Hr. J. David Heatvole 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Richard Beaman 

09 Director of Libraries . Hr. Andrew Parkas 

45 Exec Asst tc the President Hr. Fred li. Simoons 

32 Dean of Students °r. Darwin O. Coy 

14 Director information Systems Mr. Jack 1. linsley Jr. 

09 Dir institutional Research Mr. Curtis D. Bullock 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Norman R. Haiti wangec 

19 Director of Security Hr. Martin P. Garris 

27 Director Information Office Hr. Henry A, Newman 

29 Director Alumni Relations Hr. lowell D. Wood 

36 Director student Placement Ms. Carol A. Doyles 

37 Director Student Financial Aid..... Ms. Carrie M. Tutson 

56 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Thomas C. flealy 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Dr. Peter !l. Salus 

50 Dean Col Bus Administration Dr. James M. Parrish 

53 Dean of College cf Education... Dr. Bette J. soldwedel 

72 Dir Division of Technologies Dr. Adam E. Darn 

66 Director of Nursing Vacant 

♦UNIVERSITY OP SOUTH FLORIDA 

4202 Fowler Avenue, Tampa 33620 Congressional District: 7 

County: Hillsborough PICE Identification: 001537 

Telephone (813) 974-2011 Entity Number: 1-59-600-1874-FS 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 23,516 , 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) j 5742 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: SC, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, JOUR, LID, MED, NOP, SW 
02 President Dr. John L. Brown 

04 Assistant to the President.... Cr. Sonia M. Forsetb 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Gregory M. Obrien 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. Daniel R. Walbolt 

10 Vice Pres Admin and Finance Mr. Albert C. Hartley 

26 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Dr. Joseph F. Busta 

06 Registrar.... Hr. Douglas E. HacCullough 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Robert Levitt 

08 Director of Libraries Mrs. Mary L. Ilackness 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Donald J. Anderson 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hr. Joseph M. Tomaino 

27 Actg Dir Information Services Mr. Michael K . Simmons 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. George 11. Goldsmith 

38 Director University Counseling. ........ . Dr. William D. Anton 

36 Director of Placement Services Mrs. Glenda F. Lentz 

14 Dir Univ Computer Services Mr. Charles E. Fisher 

15 Actg Dir personnel Services Mr. Robert E. Wallace 

30 Director of Development Dr. Donald a. Svegan 

51 Actg Dir Continuing Education •• Dr. Jerry w. Koehler 

58 Dean of Graduate Schools Dr. Carl D. Riggs 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Glenn A. Burdick 

50 Dean Business Adoinistration Dr. Robert G. Cox 

53 Dean of Education Dr. William G. Katzenmeyer 

63 Dean of Medicine ■ Dr. Hollis G. Boren 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Gwendoline R. MacDonald 

57 Dean of Fine Arts Dr. Harrison W. Covington 

4 9 Dea n of Arts and Letters. ................. Dr. David I! . Smith 

70 Dean of Soc 6 Behav Sciences Dr. Travis J. Northcutt 

. 65 Dean of Natural Sciences Dc. James D. Ray 


County: Escambia FICE Identification: 003955 

Telephone (904) 476-9500 Entity Number: 1-59-600-1 o ' * * - 

Established 1963 coe 

Enrollment; 5,218 , 1(]? 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Lower Division 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, HUS, SW . 

02 President Dr. James A. 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. A. H. noec 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Hr. John G. Martin 

32 Vice Pres for student Affairs Dr. Kenneth L. Curtis 

30 Vice Pres University Relations Mr. Jerry I.. Haygaraen 

25 Assoc Vico Pres Sponsor Prog Dr. Alfred B. Chae . 

OB Director of Libraries Me. James 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Hr. George — Fortin 

04 Assistant to the President.... Dr. Delores J. Howe 

06 University Registrar He. Phillip R. Ca !fP b ®';^ 

iu Director of Computer Center !1r ' Rv ' s f el ^ 

07 Director of Admissions Miss Edith A. con-s 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. C. R. Benne. . 

38 Director of Counseling Center Dt. James Holmes 

36 Director of Student Placement.......... He. Raymond II. Tnnr - 

15 Director of Personnel Services Ms. Margaret Yates 

45 Dir Administrative Planning Mr. Tt0 ^® i:t n 1 '* 

29 Director of Alumni Mrs. Dorothy 0. s * ew ?*L 

50 Dean of Business Dr. Richard C. Bibbecker 

49 Dean of Arts 6 Sciences... Dr. Lucius .. Ellsworth 

53 Dean of Education Dc. • John Bunwocth 

51 Coord of Continuing Education Dt- L * Umphiett 


♦STETSON UNIVERSITY 


Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 001531 
Entity Number: 1- 59-062-44 16-A2 

Coed 


Deland 32720 
County: Volusia 
Telephone (904) 734-4121 

Established 1883 . „ „ 

Enrollment: 2,946 Undergraduate Tuition and Feas: *3,065 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
Professional 


Accreditation: SC, LAW, HUS 





10 

Vice Pres Planning-Finance 

Mr. II. Graves Edmondson 



Hr. Gary A. Meadows 









Dr. E. Garth R. Jenkins 






















64 

Dean of Music 



TALLAHASSEE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

444 Appleyacd Drive, Tallahassee 32304 , , 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Loon -FICE Identification: 001533 

Telephone (904) 576-5181 Entity Number: 1-59-1 14-1270-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment; 3,291 

Undergraduate luition and Fees (In-State) : 5360 
Control: Local • Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, *DH, RAD „ . 

01 President Dr. Harm M. Harris 

05 Dean of Instruction Dc * Edward D. Jackson 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. MacK A. Rooks 

10 Dean of Adminv Services Dr. Richard J. Metcalf 

06 Registrar Dr « Cyril D - Maynard 

08 Director of the Library Mrs. Eloise L. Ilarbeson 

38 Director of Counseling..... Mrs. Sylvia P. Deloach 

45 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Archie B. Johnston 

26 Director Public Information Hr. James N. Nash Jr. 

14 Director computing Center Mr Mitchell L. Davidson 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid............. Hr. Lawrence L. Benson 


♦UNIVERSITY OP WEST FLORIDA 
Pensacola 32504 


♦TALMUDIC COLLEGE OF FLORIDA 

4041 Chase Avenue, Miami Beach 33140 


Congressional District: 1 


Congressional District: 14 



60 


PlOgJDi 


County: Cade FICE Identification: 029048 

Telephone (305) 534*7050 Entity Husber: 1-59-157-1122-A1 

Established 1974 Hen 

Enrollment: 87 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Triaester 

Highest Offering: Pirst Professional 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 3RABN 

01 President . Fabbi Jerome Zweig 

06 Registrar..... Rabbi Hilton Simon 

37 Director of Financial Aid Rabbi Jerry Burstyn 

TAMPA COLLEGE 

2511 North Grady Avenue, Tanpa 33607 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Hillsborough PICE Identification: 011728 

Telephone (813) 679-6000 Entity Humber: 1-59-131-4995-13 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,412 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,225 

Control: Independent Ncnprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prog ran; Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: SBCB 

01 President. Hr . Donaid c> jQnes 

0 3 V 1C € Pi €3 ldcntva «!«•• . Mr Ha n i p 1 P 

10 Business officer "I!! 

Mrs. Haney H. Dyer 

TAHPA TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

3920 E Hillsborough Ave, Taapa 33610 

issss*- 

Cortroi® n n : 93 ? Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,545 

Control: Organized as Profit Making nuar^r 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years Quarter 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NA1IS 

01 President _ , . 

05 Chief Acadeaic Officer I * " C * “• B««anti 

06 Registrar Br * E,elia Begue 

«rs. Dianne Eeoanti 

UNITED ELECTRONICS INS1IT0IE OF JLCRICA 

ta,pa 33sm “"sir 1 ? 

asBau'ffl,””'" inti " 
ssss^l* „ HSiTssar’ “ a p - s; 

0 “ er t Dg ; 2 8ut Less Than 4 Years Quarter 

Pri’ci£ali"J r 1 1 ° c ° u *’* ti0Ml Uelov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
?® lly 0acbe lor's creditable 
Accreditation: NATTS 
01 President. 

06 Registrar.. George E. Glenn 

10 Chief Business of fleet! !! ** Jaaes Glenn 

* Ed Nevaan 

UNIVERSITY OF ftlANI 
University Station, Coral Gables 33124 

County: Cade vr^ 9 ^ Ssi ? nal Distr ict: 15 

£S&HU 2ei ‘- 22U atilMJSfcSSf 

Ncnp^fjr aduate iuition *- '•«« 

Highest Offering: Doctorate Seaester 

'"‘ISSiaiSK 1 * rtS iQd Ge "« cal * *•«** Preparatory; 

4 C MCS^S5^ D ; 0 B^p{^ H Bi5“ S i i c I ' PSlf ' CYI0 ' EHG ' 1AB ' 

11 President. ........... 

15 Vice Pres Acad«aic’A£fa&s”‘ '*“* L Dr «2* nt ^ K ’ stanf « d 

° y f C€ Pres Financial Affairs...”! D !: Be suinick 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affaire "”**'* *’ Da ?i d A. Lieberaan 

30 Vice pres Development lffair*’* V V**” ° E ‘ Billiaa »• Butler 

K Assistant tc the President.. **'••••••♦••• Hr. Edvard G. coll 

9 Actg Dir Instnl Research... •**«■•■■ "r.C Bryce Ounhaa 
5 A5st D « a n Sesearch Programs ♦«•••.. ..ar.Hobert I. Fuerst 

16 Director of Libraries!... Hs ' Lau «tte Plunkett 

)7 Director of Admissions. * !* *****•♦*•■•• •• He. Frank Rodgers 

Hr. George p. Giaapetro 


06 Registrar............ Hr. Sidney Weisburd 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mrs. Jean V. Coburn 

14 Asst Vice Pres Info Services Dr. M. Lewis Tenaris 

15 Exec Dir Personnel Affairs Dr. Roosevelt Thomas 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Ronald A. Hammond 

33 Dean Students-Men and Women Mr. William D, Sho-der 

38 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Arthur H, Brucker 

27 Director of News Bureau Ms. Sharon CLark 

36 Dir of Student placement Dr. F. Thomas Shcedec 

26 Chief Public Relations Officer Mr. Richard Morrison 

45 Assoc Vice Pras Acad Admin Dr. George II. Gilpin 

19 Director of Security Mr. Joseph Frechette 

51 Dean Cont Ed-Dir Suma Session Dr. ft. Robert Allen 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Arthur R. Drown 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Clarence G. Stuckvisch 

50 Dean Business Administration Cc. Gary Walton, 

53 Dean ES 6 Allied Professions Dr. Lou Kleinman 

61 Dean of Law Dr. soia Mentschikoff 

63 Vice Pres for Medical Affairs Dr. Eraanuel M. Pappnr 

64 Dean of Music Dc . William F. Lee 

54 Dean Engineer ing- A rchi tecture Dr. Norman G. Einspruch. 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Evelyn Barritt 

65 Dean Marine 6 Atmos Sciences Dr. Warren ,7. wispy 

+ UNIVERSITY OP SARASOTA 

2080 Ringling Boulevard, Sarasota 33577 

_ ^ Congressional District: 0 

County: Sarasota FICE Identification: 029035 

Telephone (813) 955-4228 Entity Number: 1 -59 - 1 28 -3554 - A I 

Established 1974 Co(1(1 

Enrollment: 185 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest offering: Doctorate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President or. John H. O' Neill 

03 llll JfV? th ! President Ms. Marilyn Hamlet 

03 Dean of Administration Dr. Epp A. Miller 

32 Detn sfudant^Sf 0 ? Education Dr - »• French 

nv o! * St ^- 4 Af£aics Dr. David H. Oelo 

in a r D \ CeCt ° r ° f Adaussions Ms. Corinne J. Langor 

26 S? S2tV; na9e 5 , T“; Hra< Ruth o. Keener 

08 SlrectSr «f°r?S a “c" 1 ACt Ms ‘ °* Jackson 

50 Dean trh If bib f rar P , Se «= v ice Ms. Nancy D. Burrell 

50 Dean Sch of Mgmt and Business Dc. Ted Dowd 

53 Dean Instr-Suamer Session Dr. William 5. Gorman 

UNIVERSITY OF TAMPA 

ctuntv 33 nn 6 icw n r«„.^ Congressional District: 7 

Tele^n^iJiaf oef O0£ , FICE Identification: 001530 

Established 8 !^ I 253 " 886 Entity Humber: 1 -59-062-4459-Ai 

cSStJol- n !iaenlna + „ Unde ^ ra d ua te Tuition and Fees: $3^866 

SSSS-«?S3SJ"2.SSTr* lt Se " oat ” c 

5=«5;;i.. L “;r s 1 c* i 55 s a "' 1 iesch ’ r p " p “ ator >’ 

03 Provost" 1 Dr * Richard D. Cheshire 

06 Registrar D „* Edwin F. Wilde 

05 Assistant Provost:!::'.:; MC - Eugede 

10 Vies prpts for b,,-. A *•••••*•••«•••»•«••# Dr. David B. Ford 

r. kssjjj S: suz 

29 Director of 1 1 ,, m n < Mrs. Lydia Acostn 

37 Student Financial i Aid 1 nf f° nS Mc3 ’ J °y ce Pluol&y 

38 Dir counsel 6 n«L? “ AC ” Hc - David «* Qodwoll 

.« rc -. M '? ia 

15 Director of personnel Hr ’ Joseph H. Diaz 

27 Director of Comaunica! BM._Phyllis Wilson 

32 Dean of student Affair* Hr ' Thooas M. Ooyle 

51 Dean cf Continuing Education! * Dt l Ciicl «• ,,ibQ 

a Dr _ j aB)es Drake 


.Congressional District: 
FICE Identification: 0067 
Entity Number: 1-59-121-6316- 


VALENCIA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 3028, Orlando 32802 
County: Orange 
Telephone (305) 299-5000 
Established 1967 
Enrollment: 9,169 

Control; Local Under 9 Eaduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $: 
Highest Offering: 2 But i P « w Semesl 

oi SSSi«““ ! sc ' •»». ««*« 

03 vie. p cea (oc 



89 


GEORGIA 


On Vice Pees In.st.nl Services Dr. Janes R. Richburg 

10 Vice Pres fer Business Affairs «r . Lee P. Young 

Vice Pres Develop Pacil Plan Hr. Robert If. GLlbert 

02 Vice President Campus Affairs Dr. David L. Evans 

05 Dean Acad Affairs-Hest Campus Dr. Jean E. Stevart 

00 Dean - Open Campus Kc * William H. Hooks 

00 Asst to Vice Pres Cam Affairs Dr. Thomas J. Ribley 

00 Dean Acad Affairs-Bast Campus Dr. Carolyn Allen 

00 Dean Stdnt Affairs- East Campus Dr. Bob T. Holland 

32 Dean Stdnt Affairs-Hest Campus Dr. Ray R. Sessions 

05 Dean Learning Resources Mrs. Claudia E. Pennington 

23 Director Community Relations-.... Mrs. Ruth B. Salsbarry 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Michael E. Break 

30 Dir of Resource Development Hr. Gary B. Hollingsworth 

in Hanager Data Processing.... Mr. Lawrence R. Hawkins 

06 Registrar «*. Charles E. Drosm 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Prestcn Rosser 

38 Chairman Counseling Department Dr. Eugene H. Simmons 

WARNER SODTHERH C01LEGE 

5301 U S Highway 27 S, Lake Hales 33853 

Congressional District: B 
County Folk PICE Identification: 008848 

Tele phone (8 13) 638-1426 Entity Number: 1-59- 127-5800-A1 

Established 1964 J „ .. c “ e J 

Enrollment: 264 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 32,220 

Affiliation: Church of God Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts ana General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC _ , 

01 President «• F « lton 

04 Assistant tc the President •■••• 

05 Academic Dean Leslie W. Ratzlaff 

03 Vice President Administration James G. Rudolph 

30 Director of Development.. Perry Grubbs 

10 Director of Finance •• •* «• • T^rit 

15 Director of Perscnnel Donald C. Pickett 

08 Librarian ,lina . j 

29 Director of Alumni Relations " ike 

16 Director Student Placement Doria oukich 

♦WEBBER COLLEGE 

Babson Park 33827 congress ionai District: S 

County: Poik FICE Identification: 001540 

Telephone (813) 638-1435 Entity Number: 1-S9-063-8503-A1 

Established 1927 N J 

Enrollment: 123 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 on 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General 

Accreditation: SC , 

01 president Dc ; 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Er. Earl M. Villiaos 

10 Assistant Treasurer Mrs. Retha Osteen 

00 Librarian Miss Jeanne Tillman 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Steve G. Vilscn 


§ 12521 * 


ABRAHAM BALDWIN AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE 

ABAC Station Bex 1, Tifton 31793 , _ _ 

Congressional District: 2 
county: Tift FICE Identification: 001541 

Telephone (912) 386-3236 Entity Number: 1- 58-600-2070-A1 

Established 1924 Coea 

Enrollment: 2,372 . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-state) : 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program! Tecninal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, ADVET 

01 President Dr. Stanley R. Anderson 

05 Academic Dean »*• Fr » nk 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. V. Worth Bridges 

10 comptroller lalmadge Webb 

06 Registrar ^aul 

07 Director of Admissions. Mr. Garth L. Webb Jr. 

08 Librarian »rs. Mary E. Henderson 

33 Asst Dean of Student Personnel. Hr. llenry niiiec 

34 Director of Residence Life... Mrs. Dianne D. Cowart 

10 Director of Computer center.. iir. Dan Conoly 

38 Director Guidance and Testing Dr. Rosemary Johnson 

37 Director of Financial Aid... Dr. Homer A. Day 

30 Director of Development. Kc * Melvin Hernia 


04 Adminv Assistant to President Mrs. Doris P. Sears 

36 Director Student Placement Mrs. Honabeth Packman 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Hubert Hood 

51 Dir Continuing Education Mr. Robert E. Keitt 

26 Director Public Relations Mr. Michael D. Chason 


AGNES SCOTT COLLEGE 

Decatur 30030 Congressional District: u 

County: De Kalb FIC! Identification: 001542 

Telephone (404) 373-2571 Entity Number; 1 -58-056-61 16-A1 

Established 1689 

Enrollment: 546 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: £3,9/5 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Libecal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 




.... Dr. Harvin B. Perry Jr. 






.... Mts. Martha C. Kirkland 





















.. Hcs. Virginia B. McKenzie 



.... Hcs. Kathleen K. Mooney 

37 

Director of Financial Aid 



ALBANY JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Gillionville Road, Albany 31707 Congressional District: 2 

county Douuhectv FICE Identification: 001543 

Telephone (912) 439-4200 Entity Number: 1 -50-096-4652-A1 

Established 1963 co ' a 

Enrollment. , Under g ra( 3 ua Tuition and Fees (In-S ta te) : S444 

Control: State , „ Quactec 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor s; .-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, DU, MLTAD . 

01 President Dr . Bill R. Tilley 

05 Dean of Instruction Ft- Edward A. Tarratus Jr. 

06 Dean of Students and Registrar Mr. John L. Baxter 

in Mrs. Marilyn L. Malphurs 

*. m»«« t. mm* 

♦•ALBANY STATE COLLEGE 

504 College Drive, Albany 31705 Congressional District: 2 

County Douqherty FICE identification: 00 544 

Telephone (912) 439-4095 Entity Humber: 1 -50-600-1 996-A1 

Established 1903 Coe(1 

r-ncolloent. 1 » 3l ^ ndec _ caduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : S624 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory 

o/p resist!?:: !.!?:.!” Dr. Charles l. Kayes 

ol Dean of the College *u ?! nTJl 3 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mts. Dorothy B. Hubbard 

08 Librarian •••• ®F* a “ y 

32 Dean of Students Or. Cornelius 

27 Director of Public Inf ormation. Hr. John Koii^y 

36 Director of Placement Services Mr. Ernest 0. Evec-tt 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Joseph D. Sherman 

♦ANDREW COLLEGE 

mthhart 31740 Congressional District: 2 

CouSJy: Randolph FICE Identification: 001545 

Telephone (912) 732-2171 Entity Number: 1-58-056-8687 A 

Established 1854 nna 

Enrollment: 328 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. Ji,5G4 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year principally Bachelor's creditable 

o/prefl^t!!?;.!? Dr. Walter Y. Murphy 

05 Dean of the college h^* Jaie^T? Gilbert 

fj Sill* ::: i : 

oZ «*■ pam stone 



£32BSIA. 


90 


ARNSTHONG STM? I COLLEGE 

11935 Abercom Street, . Savannah 31406 

Congressional Districts 1 
County: Chatham F3C E Identification: 001546 

Telephone (912) 927-5211 Entity Nuaber: 1-58-600-0063-A1 

Established 1935 Coed 

Euro llnent: 2,873 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *618 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, Dll 

CM President Dr. henry L. Ashmore 

03 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Robert A. Burnett 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Joseph A. Buck 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Mrs. Jule R. Stanfield 

08 Librarian . Hr. Gerald C. Sandy 

06 Regstr and Admissions Officer Hr. George S. Uunnicutt 

30 Asst to Pres E Dir of Develop Hr. Erich F. Stocker 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. James J. winters 

14 Director of Computer Services Ms. Margaret N . Morrison 

51 Dean for Community Services Dr. Donald D. Anderson 

49 Dean School of Arts 6 Sciences Er. Joseph V. Adams 

71 Dean School for Buoan Services Dr. James F. Repella 

53 Dean School for Education Dr. Charles R. Hash 

ABT INSTITUTE 0? ATLANTA 

3376 Peachtree Road N.e. , Atlanta 30326 

Congressional District: 5 
county: Fulton F1CE Identification: 029187 

Telephone (404) 266- 1341 Entity Number: 1- 58-067-1597-A 1 

Established 1949 Coe3 

Enrollment: 676 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,970 

Control: Organized as Profit Haking Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Prog can: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NATTS 

os f “I! Charles Feistkorn 

06 £ Education Jerardo Deytia 

ATLANTA CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

2605 Ben Hill Road, East Point 30344 

Congressional District: 6 
County. Fulton PICE identification: 001547 

Esta blished* 3 4 5 !^? 761 " 8861 Entity Number: 1-58-097-0943-A1 

2 V Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1^324 

Affiliation: Interdenominational Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Hr P ,.., „ 

si isssrEi::.:!" 

ATLANTA COLLEGE OF ART 

1280 Peachtree St H B, Atlanta 30309 

coun tv Fn 1 1 nn Congressional District: 5 

Cont rni? n rLf 72 a * Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; *2,975 
Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: sc, ART 

1 president..,. 

5 Academic Dean H " C * Voos 

2 Dea a of Students ' J - Gc ® co 

6 Director student Placement. ...I. cKJvl S tltZl 

» Director of External Affairs ....... ns? Haranret h’ 

3 Business Officer..... Hts mSu! 5 Jones 

7 Director of Admissions.... ". I 

3 Acting Bead Librarian '/.V... ?* ^oanJe 22 h*ti' 

4 Assistant tc the President J s * JJSf 

5 Director of Community Service «s. Katherine B^Gregli? 


ATLANTA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

1630 Stewart Avenue S W, Atlanta 30310 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Fulton PICE Identification: 012165 

Telephone (404) 656-6441 Entity Number: 1-58- 1 19-0222-A1 

Established 1974 Co"d 

Enrollment: 1,395 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $435 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President Dr. Edwin A. Thompson 

27 Pub Inf-Af firm Action Officer Dr. Anne W. Fannin 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Dougald H. Monroe 

10 comptroller Hr. Reginald E. New 

06 Dir of Adaissions-Registrar Hr. Rollan Henry 

00 Head Librarian Hr. Robert J. Myers 

32 Director of Student Services Mr. Charles P. Easley 

37 Financial Aid Officer Hrs. Meta A. Kitsch 

38 Couns and Testing Coordinator Mrs. Carolyn L. Walker 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Jay Weight 

51 Dir Ext and Public Services Mrs. Leatrice T. Bell 

ATLANTA UNIVERSITY 

223 Chestnut Street s W, Atlanta 30314 

Congressional District; 5 
County: Fulton PICE Identification: 001551 

Telephone (404) 681-0251 Entity Number: 1-58-056-61 20-A1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,363 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: ${| 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, BUS, LIB, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. Cleveland L. Donnard 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Thomas W. Colo 

10 Asst Pres for Business Affairs Dr. G. Cletus Bicchette 

no R f9istrar Mr. Gerone H. Taylor 

08 Librarian Hrs. Julie t. Hunter 

32 Dean of Students ms. Laurie P. Johnson 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. Grover C. Simmons 

09 Director Analytic Studies Mrs. Georgianna D. Dolden 

30 Vice Pres for Res 6 Develop Dr. Cleon C. Arrington 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Mrs. Gwendolyn J. Carswell 

71 Director of the Summer Session Dr. Robert (latch 

49 Dean Sch of Arts and sciences Dr. Benjamin F. Hudson Jr. 

50 Dean Business Administration Hr. Augustus H. Sterne 

70 Dean of Social Work Hr, Clarence colonin 

62 Dean of Lib and Info studies Dr. Virginia 1. Jonen 

Acting Dean of Education Dr. Barbara Hatton 

AUGUSTA COLLEGE 

2500 Walton Way, Augusta 30910 Congressional District: 10 
county: Richmond PICE Identification: 001552 

Telephone (404) 828-3054 Entity Number: 1-5B-601-1371-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,676 

„ . , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees{ In-State) : S534 

Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
ana General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, MUS, TED 

01 President...... Dr. George A. Christenberry 

1 ? nil* the College Dr. Joseph G. Dinwiddle 

in nf!!! n f Students Hr. J. W. Galloway 

J® Business-Pin and Comptlr Mr. Joseph F. dele 

nu ^°* lega Relations Hr. John L. He Heal 

;• E: BSK i: KSS 

” KJiia J £-' H SJKE 

5J Computer Services.... Hr. Randall A. Thursby 

It lilSSZ It i? Mni Ha. Naomi H. Barnard 

37 J ^ ace "? n V*1 Ms. Rita Rutsohn 

15 SirS«r If ^ inancia } Aia Mr, James A. Stallings 

38 Sirertnr If * ,rso *“ 1 - Mr. Alex S. Mura 

50 Dal! srLoi Counseling Center....... Dr. Barbara T. Speerstca 

SO Dean School of Business Dc Qtha r firav 

58 Director°of ¥ ^ du ^ aticn : ■ - - Dr. Geraldine V. Hargrove 

58 Director of Graduate Studies Dc . Rov E Hi ce i y 

56 Director Continuing Education........... Di: . sha?o? 1. Co vlll 

BAINBRIDGB JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Highway 84 East, Bainbridge 31717 Congressional District: 2 



91 


GEORGIA 


County: Decatur FICE Identification: 011074 

Telephone (912) 246-7642 Entity Number: 1-50- 1 15-9210-A1 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 402 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : J316 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lees Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-year 
Principally Bachelor's Crsditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.. « Dr. Edward D. Mobley 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Robert w . Dubay 

32 Dir student Develop services Hr. David F. Hay 

07 Dir Admissions- Financial Aid Hr. John R. Mize 

10 Comptroller Dr. Stephen L. Myrick 

0B Head Librarian Mrs. Jennifer K. Hanikas 

51 Director Continuing Education Vacant 

BAUDER FINISHING AN 1 CAREER COLLEGE 

3355 Lenox Road, Atlanta 30326 Congressional District: 5 

County: Fulton FICE Identification: 011574 

Telephone (404) 237- 7573 Entity Humber: 1- 5B-0 94-5046-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 494 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 33,375 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Delow Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NA7TS 

01 President John E. Kettle 

06 Director of Education Shelley T. HcDougel 

10 Business Administrator Barbara J. Shepard 


BERRY COLLEGE 

Mount Berry 30149 Congressional District: 7 

County: Floyd F1CB Identification: 001554 

Telephone (404) 232-5374 Entity Number: 1-50-056-6 133-A1 

Established 1902 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,540 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,550 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
p rofessional 

Accreditation: SC, mus, TED 

01 President Dr. Gloria M. Shatto 

05 Vice Pres 6 Dean of College Dr. L. Doyle Mathis 

30 Vice President fcr Resources Mr. John R. Lipscomb 

04 Executive Assistant President Mr. Robert L. Lattioore 

10 C cn trailer 8 Director Finance .... Mr. Joseph t. Walton 

08 Director of the library Hrs. ondina Gonzalez 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Thomas H. Carver 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Thomas c. Glover 

29 Director of Alumni Services Hrs. Ruth Martin 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Charles F. Haulk 

38 Director of Counseling Hr. John C. Burns 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Wesley Martin 

36 Director of Placement Hr. John Morgan 

06 Registrar Hr. Gary Woolley 

0REN All COLLEGE 

204 Boulevard, Gainesville 30501 Congressional District; 9 

County: Hall FICE Identification: 001556 

Telephone (404) 534-6110 Entity Number: 1-50-056-6143-AI 

Established 1878 Ma*en 

Enrollment: 1,342 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 
Accreditation; SC 

01 President Dr. James T. Rogers 

05 Dean of the College • Dr. John E. Sites 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. John H . Delong 

05 Librarian Mrs. Cheryl L. McKenzie 

34 Dean of Student Affairs Hiss Joan Pafford 

30 Dir Development and Public Rel Hr. William M. Banks 

07 Acting Director cf Admissions Miss Debbie Fennell 

06 Director of Records Mrs. Nanka England 

29 Director of Alumnae Affairs Miss Claudia Head 


Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. H. Starr Miller 

05 Acad Dean-Admin and Fisc Aff Mr. Jes^e F. Knight 

06 Associate Academic Dean Hr. Leon Pirkle 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Tim Vaughn 

37 Director of Financial Aid Dr. Donald Weber 

08 Librarian Dr, Charles Jones 

26 Director of Public Information Mr. H. D, Joiner 

32 Director of Campus Life..... Hr. Leroy Tidwell 

30 Director for Development Mr. John Bryan 

51 Assoc Dean for Cont Education Dr. Jodie Burton 


ERUIISWICK JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Altana at Fourth Street, Brunswick 31523 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Glynn FICE Identification: OQ'558 

Telephone (9 12) 264-7235 Entity Number: 1-58-09 3-9565-A ' 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,033 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $435 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, HLTAD, RAD, RSTH 
01 President Dr. John w. Teel 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Morgan L, Stapleton 

10 Comptroller Hrs. Faye H . Barber 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. W. Eugene Nichols 

06 Registrar-Dir Admissions Mr. E. Frederick Griffith 

08 Librarian He. J. Allen Spivey 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Thomas R. Travis 

CLARK COLLEGE 

240 Chestnut Street S W, Atlanta 30314 

congressional District: 5 
County: Fulton FICE Identification: 001559 

Telephone (404) 681-3080 Entity Number: 1-58-056-6163-A1 

Established 1869 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,031 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,760 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, SDIET, TED 

01 P residen t ........... , ................... . Dr. Elias Blake Jr, 

03 Vice President Dr. Gloria D. Scott 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Nathaniel A. Williams 

06 Registrar Miss Mary Ector 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Clifton Ravles 

08 Librarian Mrs. Fannie B. Hoqan 

45 Dir Plan-Res-Oper-Budget «cs. Shirley L. Williams 

32 Dean of Student Affairs.... Hr. Curtis D. Gillespie 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mrs. Juanita Eber 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mrs. Marian F. Wilkes 

36 Director of Placement Mrs. Georgia B. Jones 

30 Vice Pres for Development Mr, Charles Stephens 

15 Director Personnel Services Hr. Roy L. Bolton 

CLAYTON JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P O Box 285-5900 Lee St, Morrow 30260 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Clayton FICE Identification: 008976 

Telephone (404) 961-3400 Entity Number: 1-58-104-8855-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,990 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : $429 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, Dll 

01 President Dr. Harry -S. Downs 

05 Dean of the college Dr. Billy R. Hail 

10 Comptroller. * Robert H. Koecmer 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Robert c. Oolander 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions.... Mrs, Annette B. Satterfield 

14 Director of Computer Center.... Dc. Leonard R. Daniel 


BRE4T0 H- PARKER COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 001557 
Entity Number: 1-58-061-9030-A1 

Coea 


Mount Vernon 30445 
County: Montgomery 
Telephone (9 12) 583-2241 
Established 1904 
Enrollment: 727 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,650 

Affiliation: southern Baptist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 


COLUMBIA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

Box 520 701 Coluobia Dr, Decatur 30031 

Congressional District: 4 
County: De Kalb FICE Identification: 001560 

Telephone (404) 378-8821 Entity Number; 1-58-056-6165-A1 

Established 1828 a ,Vl 

Enrollment: 349 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees. $0 

Affiliation: Presbyterian, 0.S; 4-i-u 



92 


GEORGI A. 


Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 President Er. J. Davison Philips 

10 Treasurer . Rev. F. Sidney Anderson 

06 Dean Acad Affairs-Registrar Dr. Oscar J. Hussel 

30 Director of Seninary Relations Rev. Richard A. Dodds 

32 Dean of Students Dr. T. Erskine Clarke 

03 Librarian Dr. Jaaes Overbeck 

58 Director of Advanced Studies Dr. Douglas Hi* 

C01UMBUS COLLEGE 

Algonquin Drive, Coluatus 31993 Congressional District: 3 

County: Independent City FICE Identification: 001561 

Telephone (409) 568-2011 Entity Humber: 1-S8-601-1208-A1 

Established 1958 Coed 

Enrollment: a, 655 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3615 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Mister's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Acer editations SC, ACIIU3, DH , NT, RSTH, TED 
01 Acting President Cr. Francis J. Brooke 

05 Act g Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Robert L. Sears 

32 Director of Student Services Dr. w . Lindsey Hock 

10 Comptroller...... Mr. Janes 0. Sanders 

30 Director of Developaent. Hr. Roy F. Tanner 

19 Director of Computer Center Mr. William R. Johnson 

08 Librarian Mr. Joel H. Holmes 

06 Regstr-Director of Admissions Hrs. nary L. liveogood 

37 Director Financial Aid Hr. A. Clark Aldridge 

38 Coord of Counseling Services Dr. Russell D. Tervilliger 

36 Coord Car Plan and Placeaent Hr. Mark N. Strunk 

15 Director of Personnel Ms, Sarah L. Thompson 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mrs. Geraldine p. Regnier 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Bethell Edrington 

04 Assistant to the president Hr. Ion D. Harlove 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. J. Ronald Pairbairn 

70 Chran Sc c Science Division Dr. Hugh I. Rodgers 

57 Chrnn Fine Arts Division Cr. John H. Anderson 

so Dean School of Business Dr. Olice H. Embry 

60 Chran LaDgs-liui Eivision Dr. John P. Pleischauer 

56 Chran Sci-Hat bemat ics Division Dr. William c. Lenoir 

09 Chran lllth Sciences Division Er. Joseph w. McIntosh 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Charles A. Parker 

COVENANT COLLEGE 

Lookout Mountain, Tenn 37350 Congressional District: 7 

county; Dade PICE identification: 003484 

«U 8- °' 1560 Entity Nuabers 1-«3-071-9506-A1 

Established 1955 Coed 

494 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,450 

* efoc " ed Presbyterian Church Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terninal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

fiSSI/iLS 

06 Sean of f 5 na * : ! I .* ! .* J .* .* .* .* .* .“ * ^.* LoJpJ V*Sc!!"dJ 

08 Libr«iiS SUtUtiCDal Resources Of- Charles w. Donaldson 

29 Director of Aiu.ni Association ""‘h^s l\ ItZl 

CRIMEA LL COLLEGE 

aSt^Bbr-*- aaC “ 3 ’ 201 District: 8 

a »s -sirais* “**- *— 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Tears Quarter 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable r 

Accreditation: JRCB 

03 Executive Vice President. ...!!!!!” *”ir ?°dvin 

05 Director............ nt * B * rcn 1- Godwin Jr. 

06 Registrar.... ..! !!! ’!!”” ' Mc * Jaaes G. Deegan 

07 Director of Admit sions! !!! ! ”” ” ” '* ** a I H °* coabe 

08 Head Librarian......... nrs * Reb f cca H. Shannon 

10 Business Manager......,! 2dna Steger 

14 Director Computer Center!!!!!***”"*"* flrs I Cabh ® rin e Turner 

32 Dean Student Affairs....... n ‘ Joh ? Bi ng£ield 

37 Director Financial Aid..... Mr. Nicchi Saxon 

ns. Kathy Henderson 


DALTON JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Dalton 30720 Congressional District: 9 

County: Whitfield FICE Identification: 003956 

Telephone (404) 278-3113 Entity Number: 1 -58-097-5060-Al 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,466 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $435 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, HLTAD 

01 President Dr. Dercsll C. Roberts 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Wayne E. Bell 

10 Comptroller Hr. Emory B. Grant 

32 Dean of Students Hr, H. Harris Mynatt 

06 Registrar Dr. Harlan chapnan 

37 Dir Stdnt Finan Aid and Place Mr. Wayne ll. Hopper 

08 Librarian Mr. Russell A. Browne 


DEKALB COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

955 N Indian Cceek Drive, Clarkston 30021 

Congressional District: 4 
County: De Kalb PICE Identification: 001562 

Telephone (404) 292-3994 Entity Humber: 1-58-600-0227-A ’ 

Established 1963 cood 

Enrollment: 14,398 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-Statw) : $510 
Control; Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, DH, MLTAD, SURGT 

01 President Dr. W. Hay-no Scott 

02 Vice President-Central Campus Dr. Powell D. Unite 

02 Vice President-North Campus Dr. Seaborn A. Thompson 

02 Vice President-South Campus Dr. Marvin H. Colo 

03 Vice President-Administration Mr. Travis E. Weatherly 

09 Dir-lnstitutional Planning Dr. Carl G . Cananrt 

10 Director-Finance Vacant 

72 Dean Dir Occupational Eivision Dr. Paul M. Starnes 

+EEVRY INSTITUTE OP TECHNOLOGY 

2858 woodcock Boulevard, Atlanta 30341 

congressional District: u 
County: Dekalb PICE Identification: 00922U 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-36-260-4699-A3 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Semester 

Highest Offering: 

Program: 

Accreditation: ENGT, NATTS 

DRAUGHON'S JUNIOR COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 

709 Hall Boulevard, Savannah 31406 Congressional Districts 1 
C riCE Identification: 013039 

Telephone (912) 355-3133 Entity Number: 1 -SB - 1 14-7090 -A 1 

Established 1899 Conrt 

Enrollment: 537 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,710 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 

?T year Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB 

os Nr* John T. South III 

07 Ac 2 d f» 4 ? M fai “ Fran Kanineky 

10 ! ° £ A<U4 ®® 4ona Donald G. Mathews 

08 lit * E , U Kr in ? S3 0fflcer Thomas E. Neaso 

a® f??: : : : : : : : : : : : : : 1 : * ■* 

Director Student Financial Aid Harold J. Cconk 


Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 01099? 
Entity Number: 1 -58- 11 3-8507-A 1 

Coed 


EMANUEL COUNTY JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Swainsboro 30401 
County: Emanuel 
Telephone (912) 237-7831 
Established 1970 
Enrollment: 326 

Control; state Undergcaduafce Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : *43! 

Bighest'offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years Quactoi 

Pri;ciMllv Q Bache? UP f i0nal Below Bacb «lor*s 5 2- Year 
^ helo " s Cr ®8itabXe 

01 President. 

Dr. Willie D. Gum 



93 


GEORGIA 


05 Dean of the College Dr. Jereaiah J. Ashcroft 

10 Comptroller. Hr. John I. Stegall 

OB Librarian Hr. Janes E. Dorsey 

32 Director of Student Services Hr. James C. Wilson 

06 Regstr and Admissions Officer Mrs. Peggy G. Sanmons 

27 .Director of Public Information Hrs. Jane S. Stroud 


EMMANUEL COLLEGE 

Fran Klin Springs 30639 Congressional District: 9 

County; Franklin F1CE Identification: 001563 

Telephone (409) 245-7226 Entity Humber; 1- 50-063-3977- A1 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment: 375 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: Si, 650 

Affiliation: Pentecostal Holiness Church Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President... . Dr. Culbreth Y. Helton 

05 Dean of the College Dr. David Hopkins 

32 Dean of Students..... Dr. Kirk F. Ilartsfield 

08 Librarian... Hiss Rachel Howard 

30 Director of Development Hr. Glenn Bailey 

10 Business Hanager Hrs. Dorothy Ferguson 

EMMANUEL COLLEGE SCHOOL OF CHBISTI A N MINISTRIES 

Franklin Springs 30639 Congressional District; 9 

County: Franklin F1CE Identification: 029132 

Telephone (404) 245-7226 Entity Number: 1-50-063-3977-A1 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 52 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 11,650 

Affiliation: Pentecostal Holiness Church Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lower 
D ivis ion 

Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr. Culbreth Y. Helton 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Garnet E. Pike 

06 Registrar Dr. David R. Hopkins 

08 Librarian.... . Hiss Rachel Howard 

10 Business Hanager Hrs. Dorothy Ferguson 

30 Director of Development Hr. Glenn A. Bailey 

32 Dean of students Dr. Kirk F. Hactfield 


Telephone (404) 2 95-6320 Entity Number: 1-58- 10B-6067-A 1 

Established I960 Coed 

Enrollment; 1,266 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 2u3S 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADHUB 

01 President. Or. David B. HcCorkle 

05 Dean.... Dr. Wesley C. Walraver 

10 Comptroller Hr. H. Thomas Helton 

32 Director of Student Affairs Hr. J. Harold Boyd 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Hr. Herman 1. Bradshaw Jr. 


FORT VALLEY STATE COLLEGE 

State college Drive, Fort Valley 31030 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Peach F3CE Identification: 001568 

Telephone (912) 825-6315 Entity Number: 1 -58-6 00- 20 62-A 1 

Established 1B9S Coed 

Enrollment: 1,813 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S62u 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Raster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc, IADVE1, TED 

01 President Dr. Cleveland W. Pettigrew 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs..... Dr. Walter W. Sullivan 

10 Director Business and Finance.. Me. William R. Walton 

25 Comptroller Hr. Clifford K. Ponder 

06 Registrar Hr. Edvard T. Graening 

08 Librarian Mrs, Elizabeth Brinson 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Thomas J. Palmer 

34 Associate Dean of Students Hrs. Wellie s. Wilburn 

07 Director of Admissions Hrs. Delia Taylor 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Hrs. Jeanette R. Huff 

30 Director Development-Placement. Hr. Ralph P. Malone 

04 Assistant to the President He. Leon J. Lomax 

29 Director of Alunni Hr. William P. Burroghus 

14 Interim Director of Computers Mr. Kenneth Lindsey 

45 Dir Institutional Advancement Di. Jerry L. Hardee 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. John B. Dubriel 

26 Dir Col and Comm Relation Hrs. Dollie D. Horton 

19 Chief of Security Mr. James T. Taylor 

58 Assoc Dean Acad Aff fer Grad Dr. Geoffrey H. Ibim 


EMORY UNIVERSITY 

Atlanta 30322 Congressional Districts 4 

county: De xalb PICE Identification: 001564 

Telephone (404) 329-6123 Entity Number: 1-56-056-6256-A1 

Established 1836 # Coed 

Enrollment: 0,037 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 14,605 

Affiliation; United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, APCP, AUD, DBT, DUS, 3CIIPM, ClPSY, DENT, 
DIETI, LAW, LIE, MED, NRA, HT, NUR, PTA, RAD, RSTH, RSTHT , 



SP, TED, THEOL 








05 

Vice President Health Affairs 

Dr. E. Garland Herndon Jr. 






.... Mr. John W. Stephenson 

04 

3 B 

Secretary of the University 

.... Mr. J. Thomas Bertrand 





.... Mr. Herbert F. Johnson 

06 


. Hr. Charles R. Nicolaysen 



15 


... Nr. Donald P. Corderoan 






36 

Director of Placement Service 










.... Dr. Charles A. Waldron 













58 

Dean of Graduate School 

... Dr. Ellen P. Hicklevicz 


FLOYD JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P O Box 1864, Rome 30161 
County: Floyd 


Congressional District: 7 
F ICE Identification: 009507 


GAIN ES VILLS JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Gainesville 30501 Congressional District: 9 

County: Kali FICE Identification: 001567 

Telephone (404) 536-5226 Entity Number: 1-58-096-4872-A 1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,520 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1444 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President Dr. Hugh H. Hills Jr. 

05 Dean De - Joel H : Paul 

10 Comptroller Hr* J* Bob Howington 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Hr. William B. Edmonds 

08 Librarian... Hrs. Brenda S. Purvis 

26 Dir Advant Public Inforaation Mrs. Rosemary W. Johnston 

32 Coord Stdnt Personnel Services Mr. T. Doyle Webb 

51 Associate Dean Cr, David B. Kelley 

GEORGIA COLLEGE 

Milledgeville 31061 . Congressio nal District: 8 

county: Baldwin FICE Identification: 001602 

Telephone (912) 453-4444 Entity Number: 1-58-600-2064-A1 

Established 1889 Coea 

Enrollment: 3,266 ,,., Q 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, HT, HUS, TED 
01 President Dr. J. Whitney Bunting 

05 Vice pres for Academic Affairs.... Dr. Ralph W. Hemphill 

32 Acting Dean of students 

10 Vice Pres Business 6 Finance..;....:... Mr. William L. Edams 

27 Dir Instnl Plan-Computer Serv Dr. V. 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions..... - « R ecr 

26 Director of Public Relations Nr. John w. Kerr 

08 Director of Libraries Miss Janice c. 

29 Director of Alumnae Affairs.....,;....,.. Mrs. DorcieNeligan 
37 Director of Financial Aid »*• Hlcl,4aI J. Quinn 



£HB8U_. 


94 


GEORGIA IK ST IT 01 E OF TECHNOLOGY 

♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Atlanta 30332 
County: Fulton 
Telephone (404) 894-2000 
0 1 President 


Congressional District: 5 
FICE Identification: 007999 
Entity Humber: 1-58-600-2C23-A1 
Dr. Joseph M. Pettit 


♦GEORGIA IH5TITUT E OF TECHNOLOGY MAIN CAMPUS 

Atlanta 30332 Congressional District: 5 

County: Pulton FICE Identification: 001569 

Telephone (404) 8S4-200Q Entity Number: 1-58-600-2023-A1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,246 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $874 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ARCH, BUS, EIIG 
01 President. Dr. Joseph H. Pettit 

05 Actg vice Pres Acad Affairs Er. Janes R. Stevenson 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Dr. Gene H. Hordby 

30 Vice Pres Develop 6 Pub Rel Hr. P. Warren Heenann 

95 Vice President fcr Planning Cr. Clyde D. Robbins 

09 Vice President ter Besearch Dr. Thomas E. Stelson 

32 Dean of Students Mr. James E. Dull 

43 Director of Libraries........ Er. Edvard G. Roberts 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hr. Robert H. Rice 

06 Registrar Hr. Frank E. Roper Jr. 

3? Director of Financial Aid Hr. william T. Lee 

07* Director of Adnissions. . . , Mr. jerry L. Hitt 

36 Director of p lacenent Dr. Hichael A. Donahue 

00 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Rocker T. Staton 

14 Director of Computing Services Mr. Charles p. Reed Jr. 

04 Assistant to the President Er. Richard Fuller Jr. 

29, Dir Contract Administration Hr. Edvard E. Renfro 111 

38 Director Student Counseling Dr. Janes A. Strickland 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Charles R. Vail 

54 Dean Engineering College Dr. William H. Sangster 

49 Dean Sci-Libl Studies College Dr. Henry S. Valk 

50 Dean Industl Hgot College Dr. Charles £. Gearing 

50 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. James 0. Bynum 

4B Dean Architecture college Mr. William L. Fash 

♦GEORGIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY -SOUTH E RN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

1112 Clay Street, Marietta 30060 Congressional District: 7 
County: Cobb Flee identification: 001570 

Telephone (404) 4<4-7212 Entity Number: 1-S8-600-2023-A2 

Established 1948 Ca A 

Enrollment: 2,362 

„ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $633 

Control: State Ouarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: sc, ENGT 

05 Dr * ste P hen Cheshier 

U-> Associate D^aD- • • « * ... . Dr- charlp^ i 

10 Director Business t, Finance Mr. James R. Robertson 

06 Regstr and Director Admissions Hr. Samuel j Baker 

°1 «*■ P ;t?n" 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Charles E. Smith 

GEORGIA MILITARY COILEGE 

201 East Greene street, Hilledgeville 31061 

ST Ba ^i n riJ-KSiBStSlflSiW 

LtabShed !879 481 Entit * NUnbeC! 1-58-061-6992-A1 

v Undar 9 raduate Tuition and Fees: $1^275 

Control: Independent Ncnprcfit miartlr 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years U 

Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

51 SSISifiFis;!;;!;;;::::::::::::;;::.* 

: iKHr s 

08 Librarian....: Baj Harcy Deapsey 

SI ’£j "5 «« *«'•“<= 

£ c 1 hr i s “". rl " r> 

3a Dic.otor 


Telephone (912) 681-5600 Entity Number: 1-58-600-2059-A « 

Established 1906 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,723 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3636 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, BUS, ENGT, HUS, TED 

01 President Dr. Dale Lick 

03 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. CharLes J. Austin 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Mr. Lloyd L. Joyner Jr. 

07 Associate Director Admissions Mr. Don Coleoan 

08 Director of Libraries Mr. Kenneth G. Walter 

45 Vice Pres Business-Finance Hr. William L. Cook 

33 Dean of students Dr. John F. Nolen 

26 Dir Institutional Development Mr. Richard J. Handes 

38 Director of Counseling Center Mr. Charles F. Dailey 

29 Assoc Director Alumni Affairs Mr. Sam Dipolito 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Leslie M . Thompson 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Acme Flowers 

49 Dean School Arts and Sciences Dr. Warren F. Jones Jr. 

50 Dean of the School of Business Dr. Origen J. JaBcs 

GEORGIA SOUTHWESTERN COLLEGE 

Wheatley, Americus 31709 Congressional District: 3 

County: Sumter FICE Identification: 001573 

Telephone (9 12) 920- 1279 Entity Number: 1-58-600-1997-A1 

Established 1906 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,097 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $6U0 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc, adnur, ted 

01 President Dr. William II. Capitan 

10 Vice Pres Dusiness and Finance Mr. Thomas B. Daniel 

06 Registrar Mrs, Evelyn L. Jones 

07 Admissions Officer Hr. Ronald Devalinger 

08 Director of Library Services Mrs. Mildred F. Tietjen 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Roger G. Campbell 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. William F. Roaik 

GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY 

University Plaza, Atlanta 30303 Congressional District: 5 

County: Fulton FICE Identification: 001574 

Telephone (404) 658-2000 Entity Number: 1-50-600-2050-A1 

Established 1913 Coed 

Enrolment; 20,338 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $7«7 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ART, EUS, CLPSY, DIET, USA, MT , MII5, NUR, 
PTA, RSTH, ISCPSY, TED 

01 President Dr. Noah Langdale Jr. 

03 Exec Vice pres and Provost Dc. William H. Suttles 

04 Actg Assistant to President Dr. Clifford I. Johnson 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Br. Eli A, zubay 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Dr. William S. Patrick 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Dr. Roger O. Miller 

26 Vice Pres for Urban Affairs Dr. Edmund W. Hughes 

09 Assoc Vice Pres Instnl Plan Dr. Joe B. Ezell 

30 Asst Vice Pres Development . Hr. Ralph A. Beck 

08 University Librarian Dr. Ralph E . Russell 

06 Registrar , Dr. James E. Greene Jr. 

07 Dean of Admissions Dr. George w. stansbury 

29 Aluani Director Hrs . Patricia L. Sartain 

3B Director of Counseling Center Dr. Phillip W. wiecson 

14 Director of computer center Dr. Jan L. Mize 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Ben L. Upchurch 

n-, of SCudent Ai* Mr. C. Dean Dalton 

27 Dir Public Information Mr. David K. Snell 

10 G 5 0r Personnel services Hr. H. Harold Bryan 

19 Director Safety 6 Security Dr. Alan G. Sentinella 

25 Contract officer Dr. Wilson Freenan 

? e ? n *} 1:ied H ? alth Sciences Dr. J. Rhodes Haverty 

51 Actg Dir Continuing Education Dr. Jerry H. Robbins 

49 interim Dean Arts and Sciences Dr. Clyde W. Faulkner 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Kenneth Black Jr. 

53 Dean of Education Dr . sherEan R , Day 


GEORGIA SOUTHERN COllEGE 

Statesboro 30458 
County: Bulloch 


Congressional District: 1 
PICE Identification: 001572 


GORDON JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Barnesville 30204 
County: Lamar 
Telephone (404) 358-1700 
Established 1972 


Congressional District: 6 
FICE Identification: 001575 
Entity Number: 1-58-067-7167-A1 

coed 



95 


GEORGIA 


Enrollment: 1,502 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : J405 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR 

at President Dr. Jerry M. Williamson 

02 Dean - Dr. James F. Strickland Jr. 

VO Comptroller * Mrs. Marion Coleman 

06 Admissions Hr. Alan Kimbro 

08 Librarian Mrs. Rosemary Evans 

32 Dean of Student Services Er. E. Marvin Thomas 

IN IBRD ENOMI NATIONAL THEOLOGICAL CENTER 

671 Beckwith St S W, Atlanta 30314 Congressional District: 5 
County: Fulton FICE Identification: 001 568 

Telephone (404) 525-5926 Entity Number: 1-50-081-4544-A1 

Established 1950 Coed 

Enrollment: 287 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 10 

Affiliation: Interdenominational Semester 

Highest Offering: Eoctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: TIIEOL 

01 President...... Dr. Deotis Roberts 

05 Vice Pres far Acad Affairs Dr. Thomas J. Pugh 

03 Administrative Vice President Rev. Charles J. Sargent 

10 Chief Business Officer Mrs. Elizabeth Littlejohn 

06 Registrar.. Mrs. Edith Thomas 

08 Librarian Mr. Wilson N. Flemister 

51 Dir Cont Education Program Dr. Mance c. Jackson 

56 Director of Field Education.... Rev. Calvin Houston 


KENUESAW COLLEGE 

Marietta 30061 Congressional District: 7 

County: Cobb FICE Identification: 001577 

Telephone (404) 422-0770 Entity Number: 1-50-096-5706-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,134 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $489 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor’s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ADHUR 

01 President Dr. Horace W. Sturgis 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Eugene R. Huck 

10 Controller Hr. Roger E. Hopkins 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Mr. Thomas It. Rogers 

08 Librarian Dr. Robert J. Greene 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Carol l. Martin 

38 Director of Guidance Ms. Inez P. Morgan 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. James H. Hoods 

26 Dir Develop 6 Public Service Mrs. Cullene H. Harper 

36 Director of Placement Hs. Deborah T. Waller 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Thomas L. Patterson 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Ross E. Young 


LA GRANGE COLLEGE 

La Grange 30240 congressional District: 3 

County: Troup FICE Identification: 001578 

Telephone (404) 002-2911 Entity Number: 1- 58-056-6199-A1 

Established 1031 Coed 

Enrollment: B92 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,890 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master’s 

program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR 

01 President Dr. Walter Y. Murphy 

05 Academic Dean... Dr. W. Malcolm Shackelford 

10 Business Manager..., Mr. Austin P. Cook Jr. 

06 Registrar.. Mr. Jimmy G. Herring 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. J. Thomas Helton 

08 Librarian Mr. Frank R. Lewis 

32 Dean of Student Development Dr. James G. Nabors 

27 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Julia T. Dyar 

29 Director Alumni Association.. Mrs. Carolyn D. Burgess 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Mary M. Younger 

LIPS CHIROPRACTIC COLLEGE 

1269 Barclay cir Suite A, Marietta 30060 

congressional District: 7 
county: Cobb FICE Identification: 029107 

Telephone (404) 424-0554 Entity Number: 1-58-770-0482-A1 

Established 1974 Co ® d 

Enrollment: 1,184 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: *0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: First Professional; No Lover Division 


Program: Professional 
Accreditation: aCHlfiO 

01 President Dr. S id E. Williams 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Joseph Maynard 

05 Academic Dean Dr. L?e c. Gruber 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions.... Dr. John D. Hopkins 

08 Head Librarian Mrs. Nancy Hill 

09 Director of Research Dr. Joseph Meyers 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. Phillip Johnson 

15 Director of Personnel Dr. Mildred K. Lee 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Charles Kalb 

36 Opportunities Director Dr. Bill Willis 

37 Director of Financial Aid Dr. Cavid Hiddendorf 

38 Directoc of student Counseling Ms. Jeanette Senart 

MACON JUNIOR COLLEGE 

U S 80 and 1-475, Macon 21206 Congressional District: 8 

County: Bibb FICE Identification: 007720 

Telephone (912) 47U-2700 Entity Humber: 1-58- 102-82 75- A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment; 2,361 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $435 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s creditable 
Accreditation: sc, ADNUR , DH, NUR 
01 President Dr. William W. Wright Jr. 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Robert T. Trammell 

18 Comptroller Mr. Jack H. Ragland 

06 Dir Admis and Registration Mr. Allen B. Thompson 

08 Librarian Mr. James R. KacKlin 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Charlie E. Cloaninger Jr. 

51 Director Continuing Education Col. Phil M. Patton 


MEDICAL COLLEGE OF GEORGIA 

1120 Fifteenth Street, Augusta 30901 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Richmond FIC2 Identification: 001579 

Telephone (404) 828-0211 Entity Number: 1-58-600-2053-A1 

Established 1828 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,988 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $783 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; professional 

Accreditation: SC, APCP, DENT, Dll, DT, MED, MRA , MT, NMT, 

NUR , OT, PTA, PTAA, RAD, PSTH, RTT 


01 

05 

25 



. . Dr. William ll. Moretz 










08 

10 

32 













37 



















ii 

Dir of Continuing Education.... 


... Dr. Glen S. Garrison 





63 







19 

Dir Public Safety Division 


... Hr. Robert S. Morgan 


MERCER UNIVERSITY 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

1400 Coleman Avenue, Macon 31207 Congressional District: 8 
County: Bibb PICE Identification: 008000 

Telephone (912) 745-6811 Entity Number: 1-58-056-61 67-A 1 

01 President 0z. R. Kirby Godsey 

05 Provost DC- Robert T. Sandln 

10 Vice Pres Finance-Treasurer..... Mr. Robert A. Skelton 

30 Vice President Development...!.. Mrs. Emily P. Myers 

04 Special Assistant to President.. Dr. John T. Mitchell 

♦MERCER UNIVERSITY MAIN CAMPUS 

1400 Coleman Avenue, Macon 31207 Congressional District: 8 
County: Bibb FICE Identification: 001580 

Telephone (912) 745-681 1 Entity Number: 1-58-056-61 67-A 1 

Established 1833 

Enrollment: 2,761 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,306 



SI2B2U 




Preparatory; 


Affiliation! Southern eaptist 

Highest Offering; Haster's Quarter 

"tSUSS 1 ‘" a ““ 09n,!t, ‘ 1: 
oi'SSiSi^;: ™ 

06 Registrar and Assistant"!)*™ I Dr l. R ' Kich ? Godsey 

07 Director of Admissions. Hi. Thomas H. Triable 

OB Librarian. ....... 4 , . .......... Mr. Joseph s. McDaniel 

32 Dean of Students..!* ***• f* r - Daniel i. Motts 

29 Director of Alunni Services! DC H^ Ch t rle \v* Schi:oed ei 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid.!.. Ke " net J »• Vilborn 

49 Dean Liberal Arts Hiss carol A. Kennedy 

14 Director Computer Center! !!!!!! ! ! !! .\\* ‘ V r “° Ur 

15 Director Personnel 1 , Killiam K. Compton 

19 Director Caapus Safety..!!!! I, r? « c Elrath Hi 

50 Dean Sch Business & Economics {£* ,f a c 3 e8 B> Goodroe 

51 Dir Cnty Ed and summer School Sr c Ch ^ Cles !l ’ Andr6ws 

58 Director Graduate Studies Mrs. Joanna M. Watson 

61 Dean Lavi School * * Dr * Paul 2. Cable 

00 Asat Dean-Dir Adnis Lai*School L! D ** Br “ ce B * Jacob 

00 Director of Law lihnrv Kc * Jose Ph E. Claxton 

Wcs ‘ iaah F. Chanin 

♦HEBCER UNIVERSITY IN ATLANTA 

3000 Flowers Road South, Atlanta 30341 


County; De Kalb 
Telephone (404) UE1-Q331 
Established 1964 


Congressional District: 4 
PICE Identification: 008419 
Entity Number: 1 - 50 - 604 - 4197 -ai 


Highest Offerings Master's Quarter 

SlUuS“ ,, sc ,tta * ni C ‘”*' :al! *«=»« «•,«««, 

02 Dean of the College... 

10 Dean of Administrative Service!! s u^??" Hendric *s 

30 Director of Development. u s * H , illiaa *• Woolf 

06 Registrar........... Mc * Charles Ballance 

08 Head Librarian !! Hr< Gillian R. warley 

07 Director of Admissions. ! ! ! “* Geraldine F. cross 

32 Dean of Students " c * fiichacd v - Swindle 

37 Director of Financial jhh Bs ’ Anita «• Cleveland 

- Mfi * Marie Hons 

♦MERCER UNIVERSITY SOUTHERN SCHOOL OP PHARMACY 

Conn ty^Fttltcn** *' Atlanta 30312 Fr £? n9 j; esaional District: 5 

L^u^f"^ 683 ' 6291 «..™.2sr i , r l!K.‘Si l ai3l 
*;ks , “ 4 “*» >•**!.. ... F .„= „ai 
sass, o sasi2iaKs‘°“*“ • ,o **■« “«•">» ° u * rtec 

Accreditation: sc, pear 
02 Dea n. . ......... 

05 Associate Dean.!!!!!!!! Dc * Oliver M. littlejohn 

10 Business Manager......!! Dc * A ' vinC0 nt Lopez 

30 Assistant to the Dear!!’ "?• C.p.a.c. Reynolds 


OB Librarian Cc * Ronald D. Maddox 

07 Director of Admissions!!! M ^ S ‘ Eliza *»eth Jackson 

06 Registrar Er - Janes W. Bartling 

37 Director of Financial Aid!!!!! Hiss Phyllis c. Hancock 

25 Assistant Dean foi Services 1* dc3 * Dolores Dincer 

63 Asst Dean Clinical Sciences 0r * Heuitt Matthews 

49 Asst Dean for Basic Science* * ‘ 2 E ‘ baurel E* Ashworth 

" CeS Bichard A, Jackson 

MIDDLE GEORGIA COLIEGE 


Congressional District: 6 
p n , { ;: C S Id0 ntif icaticn; 001581 
Entity Number: 1 -56-60C-2057-A1 

Coed 


Cochran 31014 
county; Bleckley 
Telephone (912) 924-6221 
Established 1884 
Enrollment: 1,505 

control: state 0 " deE 9 raauate Tuition and Fees (In-State, ; J510 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Quarter 

*=S;"i„ 2 IJ“ t s ? I1 " ci!,aU r cc.4it.bu 

01 President 

n* n»=n . Dr. Louis C. Alderman Jr. 


05 Dean of AdainistJa tion! !! ! !.’! 

st * aussi — 

10 Com ptroiler !! 

32 Dean of Students !!!!!” 

33 Associate Dean of Students!!! 

34 Associate Dean of students.... 
38 Director of Guidance..... 

11 n^! C 5° r 0f Pub;tic ^formation 
51 Director Continuing Education 


tr. Fretwell g. Crider 

? r ‘ Janes I. Keeney 

w WlS3 Eula H. Windham 

ir. John i. Jones Jr. 

* Mc * Jesse L. Haaby 

....... cc. Allen J. Preeaan 

"I ***!”?* Ra * as E - Willhae 
Or. Villiam H. McCamion Jr. 

George K. Hinton 

* Bc » Preston 8. Towns 


■♦MOREHOUSE COLLEGE 

830 Westvlew Drive Sw, Atlanta 30314 

county pulton Congressional District: 5 

K£KW!a,“ , -”“ 

Contiiif n ? i a 1 ' fl0 f Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; 12, 

Control: Independent Nonprofit ; 

Highest offering: Graduate Non-Degree * r 

^^Professional* ACtS a " d General; Tea c h «r Preparatory; 

Accreditation: sc, shed 

01 President _ ,, . . 

03 Vice President ! Dc * ,fugh "• Gloal ®f 

“ SSSSS K2S-: : : Br 

“I h 

32 atodj;;.?!???!::::::;-. r r - SffiJ: rsi' 

I7 6 51SS5 of 

09 DU instit^M«n a ? n C Hrs - ^Balina Head 

I K^^iriSSio^s^: : : : ■ .2f,fss£ l: ;;: J sr 

MORRIS BROUN COLLEGE 

643 Hartin L King Jr. dr, Atlanta 30314 

Countv Congressional District; 5 

Telephone PICE I d0 ntif icat ion 1 00 1503. 

Established** 188 1 525 ~ 7851 E " tity [,unbars 1-58-060-7083-11 

Affiliation* Undergraduate Tuition and Foes; J 1^215 

? fclcan Methodist Episcopal So«onter 

pJoJrL. " ° r 5 Year baccalaureate 

q Acc?edUatiSn; a sc S *“ d Senecal; Teacher Preparatory 

04 Assistant * “a‘ Dr ‘ RobG tt Threat! 

05 Vice Pres fer iLa l t^‘1 Dr * Becn arc1 a. Saith 

10 ,,, 6 Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Willio t P^vnr- 

j? "A.'fsi 1 ,:;* niikJii;; 

00 tibS?i«n 1 Bp “ eBt offiCer Dr. Harold M. Treadwell 

06 Dir AdEissinno'!n^*Dl* ' "a Mrs * victoria w * Jenkins 

33 :!:::rS aDt 5 t«d«rjf’;ic;:!!::: Mr ? nagnoria h! aiS:;: 

34 Dean of SIS;;!! Re v * »i A1± * J - Christian 

09 Dir inst)tiitt«Mi i I' Mrs - Bess fl - Jcnos 

36 Dir C« Counsel ,»5 n? arCh Dlr - Dennia p ' 

37 SUdeSt 5i!S“}al JiS Nfi * Wi:Linese Boniina 

26 Director F pSbliJ RelaticJ. t0r Hcs * Ibe " n 0 . Jonnn 

29 Director . I Hcs - P a «lyn« H. Nhitn 

14 Adainv Dir Data Mrs - J. Perry 

Dir Data Processing Mr. Killian A. Henderson 


Congressional District; 9 
PICE Identification; 001565 
Entity Number: 1-58-600-2060-A1 

Coed 


NORTH GEORGIA COLIEGE 

Dahlcnega 30533 
county: Lumpkin 
Telephone (404) 864-3391 
Established 1872 
Enrollment: 1,0B5 

Control: State UDdGrgraduate Tuition ana Fees(In-State) : 1666 
Uighest Offering: Master's Quarter 

.ilSSSS^!!!^'^ " pro£ " slo " al 

05 Dean Dr. John II. Oven 

. ... Dr. Hugh 1, shott II 
Mr. William F. Gerspachor 
Dr. James c. Parka 


10 Comptroller 

os R D in? c ^ oc of Devei opoent : :: ! : ! ! ! ! 

32 S 2 i Bt ST Di “ et « A d “issions.. 

32 Dean of Students 

is nt“ C J° r of Publlc RBlations!!!! 

0* 

37 Dirpr t« nt ^ ean Students!! !!!! 

Oirectoc of student Aid 

in ?i" C .! or pla c**ent Services...!! 

14 Computer Coordinator 

+OGLE1H0RPE UNIVERSITY 

4484 Peach Tree Road N E, Atlanta 30319 

County; te Kalb „ Congressional District 

Telephone (404, 261-1441 ,..,i ICE Identification; 001; 

Established 1835 1 Entity Number; 1-58- 056- 86 98' 


.... Mr. Gary E. Stoffay 
.. . Mr. H. Michael Hya«s 
... Mr. Thomas W, Dalton 
Mr. Stephen L. Ferguson 
• Mrs. Marjorie Clark 
. .. Miss Katherine Hinz 
■ • Mr, H. Arnold Itulsey 
Dr. william D. Bellamy 
... Mr. Virgil Mclntyco 



97 


GEORGIA 


Enrollment: 1,093 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,910 

Control: Independent nonprofit Seoester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Manning M . Pattillo Jr. 

05 Dean of the College Ur. G. Malcolm Anerson 

06 Associate Registrar Mrs. Hilda A. Nix 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles P. Sullivan 

08 Librarian Mr. Thomas w . Chandler Jr. 

32 Dean of Students.... Dr. John A. Thames 

37 Director of Student Aid Mr. Dob W. Evans 

10 Dean of Administration Dr. John B. Knott 

30 Director of Development Mr. John E. Mays 

PAINE COLLEGE 

1235 15th Street, Augusta 30901 Congressional District: 10 

County: Richmond FICE Identification: 001507 

Telephone (404) 722-4471 Entity Number: 1-S8-056-6209-A1 

Established 1082 Coed 

Enrollment: 820 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,370 

Affiliation: Multiple Protestant Denominations Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Julius s. Scott Jr. 

04 Special Assistant to President Mr. William Vilaot 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Charles H. Lyda 

32 Dean of student Affairs.... Dr. Dorothy Griffin 

09 Dir ttgmt Info 6 Instnl Res Hr. Timothy R. Green Jr. 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Vacant 

26 Director of Public Relations.. Miss Nancy J. Timmerman 

08 Librarian Mrs. Millie Parker 

06 Registrar Mrs. Helena H. Thompson 

10 Business Manager Mr. Quincy L. Robertson 

07 Director of Admissions..... Miss Edythe G. Dimond 

30 Director of Development Mr. Charles F. Smith 

19 Director of Security Hr. Percy C. Williams 

25 Contract Administrator Mr. James M. Hinton Jr. 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid... Mr. Hark W. Adkins 


* PHILLIPS COLLEGE 

7n5 Greene Street, Augusta 30902 Congressional District: 10 
County: Richmond FICE Identification: 011130 

Telephone (404) 724-7461 Entity Number: 1- 58-05 1-7260-A1 

Established 1940 Coed 

Enrollment: 460 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,215 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Hut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delon Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 president Mr. J. L. Wasson 

05 Director of Degree Programs Mr. Joseph P. Madden 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Henry Doesing 

36 Director of Diploma Programs Iinda Box 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Ms. Ginger Pauli 

10 Office Manager Mrs. Judy Merritt 

+ PHILLIPS COLLEGE 

1622 ,13th Street, Columbus 31901 Congressional District: 3 

County: Husccgee FICE Identification: 010765 

Telephone (404) 327-4301 Entity Number: 1-5G-113-0318-A1 

Established 19 71 Coed 

Enrollment: 304 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,620 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 President..-. . . Hiss Joyce Meadows 

Q4 Administrative Assistant - Mr. Richard D. Finn 

05 Academic Dean Mrs. Joyce Graves 

08 Librarian.. Mrs. Virginia lee 

37 Financial Aid Officer. Mrs. Pamela Burt 

38 Counsellor.... Hrs. Lorraine Heachua 

PIEDMONT COLLEGE 

Denocest 3Q535 Congressional District: 9 

County: Habersham FICI Identification: 001588 

Telephone (404) 778-0033 Entity Number: 1-58-056-6212-A1 

Established 1897 

Enrollment; 392 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,588 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.* James E. Walter 


05 Dean Nary C. Lane 

10 Treasurer Flois M. Duckett 

06 Registrar... Nolan Nix 

00 Librarian David S, Pratt 

38 Director of Student Aid Robert K. Gregory 

REINHARDT COLLEGE 

Waleska 30103 Congressional District: 9 

County: Cherokee FICE Identification: 001589 

Telephone (404) 479-1454 Entity Number: 1 -58-060-3153-A 1 

Established 18B3 Coed 

Enrollment: 486 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,670 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Allen o. Jernigan 

10 Director of Fiscal Services.... Mr. G. Dennis Harris 

05 Dean of the college Dr. Floyd A. Falany 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Timothy 11. Tarpley 

08 Librarian Mrs. Margaret S. Lee 

30 Director of Development... Mr. McDonald Willis 

06 Assistant Dean-Registrar Mr. Dan V. Burkholder 


SAVANNAH STATE COLLEGE 

State college Branch, Savannah 31404 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Chatham FICE Identification: 001590 

Telephone (9 12) 356-2240 Entity Number: l- 58- 600- 2069- A 1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,088 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $699 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General 

Accreditation: SC, ENGT 

01 President Dr. Wendell G. Rayburn 

03 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Vacant 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. Prince K. Mitchell 

06 Acting Registrar Hr. John B. Clemmons 

00 Librarian Mr- Andrew J. McLemore 

32 Acting Dean of Students Mr. nelson R. Freeman 

26 Dir Public Relations Dr. Charles Elmore 

30 Develop- College Rel Officer Mr. Benjamin F. Lewis 

14 Actg Director Computer center Mr. Donald Shavers 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. David Foye 


SHORTER COLLEGE 

Bone 30161 Congressional District: 7 

County: Floyd FICE identification: 001591 

Telephone (404) 291-2121 Entity Humber: 1 -58-059 -3431- A1 

Established 1873 Coed 

Enrollment: 813 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,150 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 


Accreditation: SC, MUS 




















26 

Director of College Relations.... 


06 


. . Mrs. Katharine J. Lovvorn 


SOUTH GEORGIA COLLEGE 

Douglas 31533 Congressional District: 8 

County: Coffee FICE identification: 001592 

Telephone (912) 384-1100 Entity Number: 1 -58-600-2058-A1 

Established 1906 . CoBa 

Enrollment: 1,223 _ . 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $522 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 

01 *P resident^?!*! /fw f . .. . • • • ..*-•« . • • • • Dc * D,nto» R. Coker 

05 Academic Dean. Dr. William C. Sizemore 

in rn.ntroller Be. Marion Franklin 

32 Dean of Students............. Dr. Wendell Duncan 



SJS&SIA-v- 


98 


30 Director of Development Hr. Van A. Davis 

08 Librarian “ s * Thelma J. Hutchins 

38 Dir Test-Counseling-Placement * * • Hr. John E. Saylor 

06 Registrar Hr- *o*ett R. Johnson 

1U Director o£ Computer Center nr. Davia siowix 

07 Director of Admissions.’ Hr. Laurence V. Day 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Mamie R. Smith 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mrs. Leahman Euckhalter 

51 Director Continuing Education Hr. Richard B. Cotton 


SPBLMAH COIL EG I 

350 Spelaan Lane S W, Atlanta 30314 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Fulton F1CE Identification: 001594 

Telephone (404) 681-3643 Entity Humber: 1-SB-056-6243-A1 

Established 1881 "°“®" 

Enrollment: 1,257 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,5/0 

Control: independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SC, HUS 

01 President Dr. Donald H. Stewart 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Kathryn A. Brisbane 

10 Business Manager He. Robert D. Flanigan Jr. 

45 Director Policy and Planning Dr. Daniel J. Sacolov 

Of Hcs - Jeallne * Llen 

03 Librarian « exico Hickelbury 

32 Dean of student life Dr. Carmen Jordon-Cox 

26 Director of Publications Hs. Jo Moore Stewart 

29 ..Director Alumnae Affairs Ha. Peacline Davis 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hrs. Marva Tanner 

36 Director of Placement Hrs. Barbara Brown 

07 Admissions Officer. •* Hs. leah C. 

15 Dir of Personnel Relations Hs. Jacqueline Pollard 

38 Assistant Dean for Counseling Ms. Peggie White 

30 .Director of Development Hr. Michael 0. Mason 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Hr. John Gehl 

THOMAS COO NT Y COMMUNITY COLL EGE 

Millpond at Pinetree, Thomasville 31792 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Thomas F1CE Identification: 801555 

Telephone (9 12) 226-1621 Entity Number: 1-58-064-4897-A1 

Established 19 50 j 

Enrollment: 250 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,179 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC . 

01 President Dr. Charles E. Bryant 

04 Dean of Academics Vacant 

06 Dean of students Hr. Larry H. Patterson 

10 Director of Business... Mrs. Cynthia C. Smith 

30 Chief Developnent Officer Dr. Frances A. Silverman 

08 librarian Mrs. Mary E - Bryant 


TIFT COLLEGE 

Forsyth 31029 Congressional District: 3 

county: Monrce F3CE Identification: 001595 

Telephone (912) 994-2515 Entity Nuabec; 1-58-056-61 34-A1 

Established 1849 Coordinate 

Enrollment: 737 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,160 

Affiliation: Baptist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President. Dr. Robert W. Jackson 

05 Dean and Dir Place services Dr. Kenneth T. Morris 

06 Registrar.... Hiss Barbara Goble 

07 Dicector of Admissions..... Mr. Joe F, Head 

08 Librarian... Hrs. Alice B. Young 

34 Dean of Students Hiss Gloria A. Raney 

29 Alumnae Secretary Hrs. Joyce Ha ire 

10 Treasurer ................................ Hr. William B, Kill 


T0CC0A FALLS COLLEGE 

Toccoa Falls 30577 Congressional District: 9 

County: Stephens F1CE Identification: 001596 

Telephone (404) 866-6831 Entity Number: 1-58-068-590B-A1 

sta blished 1907 Coed 

rollment: 582 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *1,900 

it rol: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

hast offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
} cam: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
rof essiona 1 

editation: ®sc, BI . , , 

sident Dr. Paul L. Alford 


05 Dean of College Dr. John W, McCarthy 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. Fred R. Hansen 

45 Director of Development Hr. Paul carpenter 

OB Chief Librarian Hrs. Ruth H. Good 

32 Director of Student Affairs Mr. Kenneth A. Sanders 

33 Dean of Men Hc ’ David Eby 

34 Dean of Women Miss Florence Setterlcf 

29 Exec Dir Alumni Association 8ev. Nathan B. Penland 

38 Director of Resource Center Mrs. Donna D. Patterson 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Vincent Trexler 

06 Registrar- Director Admissions Hr. Michael G. Scales 

TRUETT MCC0NNE1L COLLEGE 

Cleveland 3D520 Congressional District: 9 

County: White PICE Identification: 001597 

Telephone (404) 065-2135 Entity Humber: 1 -50-053-1392-A1 

Established 1946 4 A „ 

Enrollment: 695 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *1,785 

Affiliation: Baptist Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, MUS 

01 president Dr. Ronald E. Weituan 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Gerald 1. Cates 

10 Business Manager.. Hcs * Eula C. Batson 

32 Dean of student Affairs Hr. Claude p. Smith 

06 Registrar « 3 - Ed " a Holcomb 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Rodney D. Fitzgerald 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Garyds Kinsey 

08 Librarian Ms. Janice Wilson 

30 Director of Development or. J. T. roro 

UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA 

Athens 30602 Congressional District: JO 

county: Clarke FICE Identification: 001593 

Telephone (404) 542-3030 Entity Number: 1-58-600-1 998-A1 

Established 1785 CoGd 

Enrollment. 22, ^ ndergraa ua te TU i t ion and Fees (In-State) : $908 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, ART, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, FIDER, FOR, 3011 H, 

LAW, LSAR, HUS, PIIAR, SP, SW, TED, VET 
01 President... Dr. Pred c * Davison 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Virginia Y. Trotter 

25 Vice president for Research Dr. Robert C. Anderson 

03 Vice president for Services Dr. S. Eugene Younts 

10 Vice Pres Bus and Pinance Dr. Allan W. Barber 

30 Vice Pres Develop-Univ Rel Hr. 11. Perk Robins 

04 Asst to Pres-Adalnistration Dr. James B. Kenney 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. David F. Bishop 

32 Vice Pres of Student AfEairs Dr. Dwight 0. Douglas 

06 Registrar Dr. Bruce T. Shut* 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Morris O. Phelps 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Mr, Deleon R. Tripp Jr. 

36 Dir Car Planning 6 Placement.. Hs. Anne Seawoll 

38 Director Counseling-Testing Dr. Michael Heissbetg 

13 Dir of Admin Data Processing..... Mr. Harry c. Grothjahn 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. M. Tyus Butler 

45 Director of campus Planning Hr. William E. Hudson 

14 Dir Computing-Info Services Dr. James L. Carman 

09 Dir Instnl Research & Planning Mr, David G. Clements 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Carlton M. James Jr. 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. R. Barry Wood 

19 Director of Public Safety Mr. Edward T. Kassinger 

47 Dean of Agriculture.. Dr. Christian J. B Sait 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr, William J, Payne 

50 Dean of Bus Administration...... Dr. William C, Flevellen Or. 

53 Dean of Education, Dr. Joseph A. Williams 

68 Div chr ran Rlth-Phy Education Dr. Ann E. Jewett 

u 8 Dean of Environmental Design Hr. Robert p. Nicholls 

65 Dean of Forest Resources Dr. Leon A. Hargreaves Jr. 

50 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. John C. Dowling 

59 Dean of Home Economics.. Dr. Emily H. Pou 

60 Dean Journalism 6 Mass Commun Mr. Scott H, cutlip 

61 Dean of Jatnes R. Scaled 

67 Dean of Pharmacy Dr. Howard c. Ansel 

70 Dean of Social Work Dr. Charles A. Stewart 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. David P. Anderson 

51 Dir Ga ctr for Cont Education Mr. Thomas W. Mahler 

71 Director of Special studies Dr. Leroy Ervin Jr. 


VALDOSTA STATE COLLEGE 

Valdosta 31601 
County: Lowndes 
Telephone (912) 247-3286 


Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 001599 
Entity Number: 1-58-600-2072- AS 



99 


HAWAII 


Established 1906 Coed 

Enrollment: it, 062 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : $579 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: liayond Master's Out Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor ' s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, HUH, TED 

01 President - Dr. Hugh C. Dailey 

05 Vico Proa and Dean Faculties Dr. W. Day Cleere 

10 Coai pt rollor ■ - . - Hr. Samuel w. Crooks 111 

30 Director of Dovolopmont Dr. John E. Lancaster 

06 Segatr-Dir of Computer Serv Mr. Arthur I. Bostock Jr. 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Gary L. Dass 

06 Librarian Hr. David L. Ince 

33 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Tommy A. Moore 

32 Doan of Studonts Dr. Andrew J. Dond 

09 Director of Public Serviette Dr. Thomas V. Gandy 

26 Director of College Delations Mr. Pluker G. Stevart 

27 Director of Information Office.... Mrs. Virginia II. Culpepper 

3d Associate Dean of Students Mr. Kenneth U. Ferrell 

36 Dir of Place 6 Car Development Mr. Robert E. Teataan 

15 Director of Perscnnol Mr. L. Inman Grinsley 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Robert D. Trautmann 

49 Doan School Arts and Sciences Dr. James D. Daniels 

66 Director Division Nursing Mrs. S. Virginia Haraeyor 

50 Doan School flun Administration Dr. A. L. Addington 

57 Director Division of Fino Arts Dr. Dornard L. Linger 

50 Dir Division Graduate Studies Dr. Robert D. Fisher 

72 Director Div Aerospace Studios Major Mary N. Abbott 

WAYCROSS JUNIOR COLLEGE 

2001 Francis Street, Wnycross 31501 

Congressional District; 0 
County: Hare PICE Identification: 029028 

Telephone (9 12) 262-6130 Entity Number: 1-50-125-5136-A 1 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 399 

Undorgrnduate Tuition and Foes (In-State) : $438 
Control: stato Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 but Loos Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Dolow Bachelor's; 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor 'u Creditable 
Acer mutation: SC 

0 \ Proultlant Dr. JafcQQ H. Dyo 

05 Academic Doan Dr. Mary F. Estes 

10 Comptroller Hr* William E. Oeason 

30 Dir Col-Community Services Mr. James II, Donaldson Jr. 

00 Director of Library Services Hr. Louis J. Gill 

06 Dicoctor of Studont Affairs Mr. Parker F. Davis 

07 Dir Admissions tt Financial Aid Hr. James A. White 

38 Counselor Hs. Bettyo I. White 

65 Chrmn Div Hath and Nat Scienco Dr. Timothy D. Goodman 

• WESLEYAN COLLEGE 

4760 Porsyth Road, Mncon 31201 Congressional District: 8 

county: Bibb P1CF, identification: 001600 

Tele phono <912) 477-11 10 Entity Number: 1 -50-059-3430-A 1 

Established 1036 J 

Enrollment: 490 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: * 2 ,v/u 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Tear Daccalnureate 
Program: Liberal Att3 and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, MUS 

01 President. Dc * FrGd H i ck ® 

05 Dean Dr. Thomas F. Boyd 

10 Business Manager * Hr. Donald Powell 

06 Reg Dr. Judith S. Prince 

07 Director of Admissions.. Miss Janet Foster 

08 Librarian Miss llasseltine Roberts 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Joyce R. Schafer 

29 Alumnae Director Mrs. Prances D. Van Horn 

37 Director of Student Aid * Hr. Ian M. Hubbard 

26 Director Community Relations Hr. Janes o. ^Paine 

38 Director of Counseling Mrs. Virginia Berlin 


BEST GEORGIA COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 6 
F1CE Identification: 001601 
Entity Number: 1- 58-600-2055-A1 

Coed 


Carr ollton 30118 
county: Carroll 
Telephone (404) 834-1211 
Established 1933 
Enrollment: 5,051 . ... ,. nn 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) . $7QB 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than DGG J; or *' e . . D 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, MUS, TED 
01 President.......!,... 0t. Maurice K. Townsend 


05 Vice Pres-Dean of Faculties Dr. John T. Lewis 

26 Dir of College Relations Dr. Tracy P. Stallings 

10 Director of Fiscal Affairs Hr. Kenneth c. Batchelor 

09 Director Research Services Dr. Richard A. Folk 

06 Registrar Dr. Gordon E. Fiftnie 

07 Director of Admissions.... Hr. C. P. Bickers 

08 Director of Litraries Mr. Charles E. Beard 

37 Dir of Financial Aid Hr. H. J. Holmes 

36 Director of Placement Dr. T. L. Holmes 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. Bruce N. Lyon 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Richard L. Dangle 

50 Dean of Business Dr. 0. Mark Miller 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Evelyn R. Fulbright 

50 Dean of Graduate School Cr. Benjamin N . Griffith 


TODHG HARRIS COLLEGE 

Toung Harris 30582 Congressional District: 9 

County: Towns FICE Identification: 00160U 

Telephone (404) 379-3112 Entity Number: 1-56-059-3414-A1 

Established 1006 Coed 

Enrollment: 526 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,785 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Tears 
Program 2-Tear Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 


01 

10 

06 









07 

Director of Admissions 











05 

Academic Dean.. 



HAKfrll 

CHAKINADE UNIVERSITY OF HONOLULU 

3140 Waialae Avenue, Honolulu 96816 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Honolulu PICE Identification: 001605 

Telephone (808) 735-4711 Entity Number: 1- 99-0 14- 2275-A1 

Established 1955 a „ 

Enrollment: 2,300 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,320 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 


Accreditation: HC 

Rev. David H. Schuyler 









. .. Hr. Patrick G. C' Halley 




























04 





5 1 
50 

Director of N B A Program.... 



HAWAII L0A COLLEGE 

45-045 Kamehameha llvy, Kaneohe 96744 5 

Congressional District* I 

count v Honolulu FICE Identification: 004546 

Tele phone (809) 235-3641 Entity Number: 1-99-011-06 16- A1 

Enrollment^ 29? 3 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,600 

Affiliation: Multiple Protestant Denominations 
Highest Offeringi 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: NC Dc> phUi j. Bossert 

?! HS^IiiSSS^ 5*3;;; 

30 Dir instill Rel-Pub Rel Officer • V ’ sSssert 

07 Dir M.ls 5 stdnt Finan Aid “J.Si 

S ... 

II KSSE ‘ISSSSfe::::::::::"::..".:;; 

5 ESE iiSi "iS 

04 Assistant to the President 



“mu 


100 


HAWAII PACIPIC COLLEGE 

1164 Bishop Street, Honolulu 96813 Congressional District: 1 
County: Honolulu PICE Identification: 007279 

Telephone (80B) 521-8061 Entity Humber: 1-99-0 11--393Q-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,508 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees: 52,060 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; professional 
Accreditation: WC 

01 President Hr- Chatt G. Wright 

03 Executive Vice President.... Hr. L. Jim Hochberg Sr. 

05 Academic Dean ........................ • Dr. Wilbert l. Hindman 

08 Librarian Mrs. Barbara E. Hoefler 

10 Controller. Hr* Donald S. Gedeon 

36 Coordinator of placement Hr. Don Darlov 

06 Beg is tear- Bur Ks. Detra D. Verrett 

32 Chief student Life Officer Dr. Helen Chapin 

38 Director student Counseling Hr. Pedro Velasco Jr. 

07 Admissions Officer - Hs. Kristi Davies 

37 Director Financial Aids..... Hs. Irene Scott 

30 Development Off icer. • Hs. Donna Dominick 


Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,069 

• Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : 5330 

Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: WC 

02 Chancellor Dr. Stephen R. Mitchell 

10 Dir Administrative Affairs Hr. Edgar H. Toclgoe 

08 Director Library Services Hr. Kenneth R. Herrick 

32 Dean Student Services Hr. Alan G. Hclvoc 

07 Coordinator of Admissions Hs. Peggy II. Yorlta 

14 Actg Dir Computing Services Dr. Kah Hie lau 

30 Coord Counseling and Testing Hr. Laurence Test 

37 Coordinator Financial Aid Mrs. Jean Coffman 

06 Coord Records and Registration Hr. Patrick T. Omari 

49 Dean Col of Arts and Sciences Dr. David C. PurccLl 

47 Dean College of Agriculture Dr. Frederick K. Ton 

75 Provost Hawaii Cmty College Hr. Hitsugu Suoada 

51 Dir Cont Ed and Cmty Services. Hrs. Hary Y. Hatayoshi 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII WEST OAHU COLLEGE 


UNIVERSITY O? HAWAII 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

2444 DoLe Street, Honolulu 96022 Congressional District: 1 
County: Honolulu PICE Identification: 007885 

Telephone (8061 948-8111 Entity Number: 1-99-600-0354-A1 

01 President Dr. Pujio Hatsuda 

02 Chancellor community Colleges Hr. Dewey H. Kim 

03 Vice Pr esiient-Adoinistration Hr. Harold S. Masumoto 

04 Spec Asst to the President Dr. Glenn K. Miyataki 

05 Actg Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Peter N . Dobson 

09 Actg Dir Instnl Res E Analysis Hr. Drue McGinnes 

10 Director of Finance Mr. Kenji Sumida 

13 Director Manageoent Systems Hr. Raleigh S. Avaya 

14 Director computing Center... Hr. Walter S. Yee 

15 Director Personnel.. Hr. David luke 

25 Kgr Contracts 6 Grants Acct... Hr. George K. Tanate 

45 Director Long Range Planning Dr. Warren W. Gulko 


♦UHIVERSIT* OF HAWAII AT HAII0A 

2500 Campus Boad, Honolulu 96822 Congressional District: 1 
County: Honolulu FICE Identification: 001610 

Telephone (600) 948-7837 Entity Number: 1-99-600-0354-B1 

Established 1907 Coed 

Enrollment: 20,706 

Undergraduate luition and Fees (In-State) : $478 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Dacheloc's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: WC, ADNUR, ARCH, BUS, CLPSY, tDU, FUG, JODR, 


02 

03 

HAW, LIB, MED, HUS, HUE , PH, SW 




10 



45 



30 

06 

07 

Dir Univ Rel and Development 

Hr. Frederick Y. Smith 



08 



09 



32 



37 



38 



36 

29 

Dir Univ and Career Placement 

Hr. H. Roy HcArdle 

51 

71 

Dean Div Continuing Education 


58 

49 

Interim Dean Graduate Division 

.. Dr. Barbara 2. Siegel 

50 



53 

54 
47 

Actg Dean of Col of Education....... 

Intern Dean Col cf Engineering 


62 



63 



66 



69 



70 



61 

Interim Dean School of Law 

. Hr. Marvin J. Anderson 


98-1247 Kaahumanu Street, Aiea 96701 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Honolulu FICE Identification: 029102 

Telephone (808) 487-6402 Entity Number: 1-99-600-0354- A2 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 257 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In- State) : 1400 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lower 
Division 

Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: awe 

02 Chancellor Dr. Ralph H. Hiva 

05 Acting Dean of Faculty Dr. Frederick R. Hayer 

06 Student Services Specialist Mr. Steven Brovn 

00 Assistant Library Specialist Ms. Rose E. Myers 

10 Dir Administrative Services Mr. Michael S. Yano 


♦UNIVERSITY OP HAWAII HONOLULU COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

874 Dillingham Boulevard, Honolulu 96817 

Congressional District: « 
County: Honolulu FICE Identification: 001612 

Telephone (800) 845-9211 Entity Number: 1 -99-600-1001 -A9 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,560 

Undergraduate Tuition n nd Fees (In -S tate) : $90 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

02 Provost Mr. Clyde K. Yonhlokt 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Peter R, Kessinger 

32 Dean of Students Hs. Joanne E. Colozzi 

10 Director of Business Affairs Hr. Hob M. Kiuata 

08 Head Librarian Dr. Ronald F. Chapman 

06 Registrar Ms. Sharyn O. Nakaaoto 

37 Financial Aids Officer Ms. Cynthia L. Suzuki 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII KAPIOLANI COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
620 Pensacola Street, Honolulu 96B14 

Congressional District; 1 
County: Honolulu FICE Identification: 001613 

Telephone (808) 531-4654 Entity Number: 1 -99-600-0354-A1 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,626 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $90 
Control: State Seaestnr 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ, DA, ‘RAD 

02 Provost... Dr. Joyce S. Tsunods 

05 Dean of Instruction...... Miss Harriet £1. Nakaaoto 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Ralph N . Ohara 

10 Actg Dir Adminv Services......... Hr. Robert S. Oka 

08 Librarian. Me. Saul II. Slatoff 

06 Registrar Miss Lydia II. Y. Leong 

36 Placement Officer Ms. Barbara Noauca 

37 Financial Aids Officer Hs. Hona Lee 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII KAUAI COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Rr 1 Box 216, Lihue 96766 Congressional District: 2 

County: Kauai FICE identification: 001614 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII AT HILO 

P O Box 1357, Mile 96720 
Coun ty: Hawaii 
Telephone (808) 961-9311 


Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification; 029020 
Entity Humber: 1-99-600-03S4-B2 



101 


DAHO 


Telephone (600) 245-8311 Entity Humber: 1-99-600-0354-A3 

Established 19 26 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,005 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *90 


Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delon Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

02 Provost..... Hr. Leroy J. King 

05 Dean of Instruction Mrs. Dorothy I. Kohashi 

32 Dean of Student services Hr. Guy Y. Fujiuchi 

10 Dir of Administrative Services Hr. David Y. Iha 

08 Librarian Hrs. Katherine A. Peters 

06 Registrar Hr. Philip K. Palana 


♦UNIVERSITY OP HAWAII LEEWARD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


96-065 Ala Ike, Pearl City 96702 Congressional District: 2 
County: Honolulu FICE Identification: 004549 

Telephone (008) 455-0011 Entity Number: 1-99-600-0354-A4 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,493 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $90 

Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: WJ 

02 Provost Dr. Helvyn K. Sakaguchi 

05 Dean Educational services.... Hr. John F. Horton 

32 A S3 oc Dean of Student Services Vacant 

10 Dir Administrative Services Hr. Michael Unebasami 

08 Librarian.. Mr. Don W. McNeil 

06 Registrar.. Hr. Harold llayashi 

36 Placement Officer.... Hr. Adam Lim 

37 Pinancial Aids officer Ms. Stella Asahara 


•UNIVERSITY OP HAWAII MAUI COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
310 Kaahunanu Avenue, Kahului 96732 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Maui PICE identification: 001615 

Telephone (808) 244-9181 Entity Number: 1-99-600-0354-A9 

Established 19 31 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,810 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S ta te) : 190 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yenc 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; WJ 

02 Provost Ms. Alma K. Cooper 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Clyde H. Sakamoto 

32 Dean of Student Services Ms. Jane H. Fletcher 

10 Dir Administrative services Mr. Ernest P. Paahao 

08 Librarian Mr. William E. Lindstrom 

06 Registrar Mr. Stephen K. Kaneda 

36 Placement Officer Hr. Alvin Tagomori 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII WINDWARD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


45-720 Keaahala Road, Kaneohe 96744 

Congressional District: 2 
County; Honolulu FICE Identifications 010390 

Telephone (800) 233-0077 Entity Numbers 1-99-600-Q354-A5 

Established 19 72 Coed 

Enrollnent: 1, 405 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 190 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; WJ 

02 Provost...... Dr. Peter T. Dyer 

05 Dean of Instruction Ms. Ids T. Fukui 

32 Dean of Students Dr. J chn Baker 

10 Dir Administrative Services Hr. Keiji Kukino 

06 Librarian Ms. De Etta c. Wilson 

06 Registrar.... Hr. Charles Heaukulani 

37 Financial Aids officer Ms. Sandra L. Toporcer 


U2AB2 


BOISE STATE UNIVBRSITY 

1910 University Drive, Boise 03725 Congressional District: 1 
County; Ada FICE Identification: 001616 
Telephone (208) 385-1011 Entity Number; 1 -82 -029-0701 -Al 
Established 1932 Co6d 


Enrollnent: 10,728 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (Ln-State) : $478 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering; Master's 

Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: HW, ADHUR, BUS, DA, HPT, HUS, RAD, P.STH, 

SURGT, SH, TED 

01 President Dr. John H . Reiser 

05 Executive Vice President Dr. Richard E. Bullington 

10 Financial Vice President.. Dr. Asa H. Ruyle 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs.. Dr. David S. Taylor 

30 Director of Development Hr. David T. Lambert 

33 Dean Stdnt and Spec Services. Hr. Edwin E. Wilkinson 

34 Dir Student Residential Life Hrs. Susan C. Mitchell 

06 Registrar.... Ns. Susanna B. Yunker 

07 Dean of Admissions Dr. Guy L. Hunt 

08 Librarian Hr. Tiacsthy A, Brovn 

36 Dir Car and Pinancial Services Hr. Richard E. Rapp 

14 Dir Data Processing Center Hr. Stephen E. Haloney 

15 Director of Personnel..... Mrs. Jane Baser 

30 Dir Counsel Guid and Testing Cc. David P. Torbet 

37 Coord Student Financial Aids Mr. F. Richard Reed 

29 Director Alumni Affairs Hr. James Dyke Nally 

55 Director of tne Summer Session Mr. William L. Jensen 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. William J. Keppler 

50 Dean of Business Dr. Thomas E. Stitzel 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Richard L. Hart 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Kenneth H. Hollenbaugh 

63 Dean of Health Sciences Dr. Victor K. Duke 

75 Dean of Voc-Technical School Hr. Donald V. Healas 


COLLEGE OF IDAHO 

Caldwell 83605 Congressional District: i 

County: Canyon FICE Identification: 001617 

Telephone (208) 459-5011 Entity Number: 1 -82-020-0906- Ai 

Established 1891 Coed 

Enrollnent: 725 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S3, 465 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NW 

01 President Dr. Arthur H. Derosier Jr. 

05 Academic Dean and Provost Cr, Edward L. Angus 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Eleanor E. Montgomery 

06 Registrar..... Hr. William E. Wallace 

08 Librarian Hr. Richard G. Elliot 

37 Director Financial Aid tin. Blcunt J, Hall 

10 Business Manager. Mr. James T. Greeley 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Irene R. Stevens 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. Ralph C. Applebee 

50 Director of Graduate studies Dr. Robert C. Wendt 


COLLEGE OF SOUTHERN IDAHO 

P O Box 1238, Twin Falls 83301 Congressional District: 2 

County: Twin Falls FICE Identification: 001619 

Telephone (20B) 733-9554 Entity Number: 1-62-026-1 62B-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,217 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : JUDO 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NW, ADHUR 

01 President Oc. James L. Taylor 

05 Academic Dean Dr - R °Y s - Stravser 

10 Business Manager Me. Karl L. Elack 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John R. Sims 

08 Librarian Nr. Stephen L. Preston 

04 Asst Pres-Dir Stdnt Pers Serv..... Mr. Gerald R. Meyerhoeffer 

51 Dir Continuing Education Hr. Edwin G. Austir 

75 Director vocational Education He. Orval L. Bradley 


IDAHO STATE UNIVERSITY 


Congressional District: < 
PICE Identification: Q0162( 
Entity Number: 1-82-602-4304- AI 

Coec 


Pocatello 03201 
county: Bannock 
Telephone (200) 236-0211 
Established 1901 

Enrollment. , tfndecalra4ua te Tuition and Fees (In -state) : SM7< 
Control: State semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal, occupational Below Bachelor s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NW, ADD, BOS, DH , #MUS, NOR, PHAft, RAD, SP, 

01 President. Dr. Myron L. Coulte: 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Charles H. Kege, 



im SL.* 


102 


10 Pinancial Vice President 

32 Dean of student Affairs 

03 Ada inistrative Vice President.. 

30 Director of Development 

3*1 Dean of Women 

33 Dean of Ken 

06 Registrar 

OB librarian.. 

09 Dir Institutional Research 

36 Director of Placement 

37 Coordinator of financial Aids.. 

29 Director of Aluaci Relations... 
2? Dir Div Publicity-Publication.. 
1 Director of Computer Center. 

07 Director of Admissions 

15 Director of Personnel... 

3B Dir Counseling and Testing 

58 Dean of the Graduate School.... 
58 Dean Cont Ed C Summer Session.. 
50 Dean of College cf Business. .. , 

53 Dean of College of Education.., 

54 Dean of Engineering 

49 Dean College of liberal Arts.. 
63 Dean College of Health Profess 
67 Dean of college of Pharmacy. .. 
75 Dean of Vocational Education.. 


. Hr . Philip t. Eastman 

Hr. Jay G. Jensen 

. Dr. Clifford H. Trump 
He. Robert 0. Hilliard 

Hs. Linda C. Hill 

.... Hr. David J. Sanna 
Hr. Darold H. Chambers 

Hr. Eli H. Oboler 

Dr. J. Stanley Laughlin 
... Hr. Janes H. Lupher 
Hs. Kathleen McCullough 
.... Hs. Jennifer Fisher 
Hr. William H. Harwood 
, . . . . Hr. Killian Duggan 

Hr. Tim Hayhurst 

Hr. Ray S. Hunter 

. . Dc. Janet C. Anderson 
... Dr. Lawrence tt. Rice 

Dr. John. Kauch 

Dr. James H. Kelly 

. ... Dr. Richard Sagness 
... Or. Albert E. Wilson 
. Ec. Robert V. Edington 

Dc. Paul D. Leiby 

Dr. Ira Hillyard 

. .. He. Richard L. Logan 


LFWIS-CLARK STATE COLLEGE 

8th Avenue 6 6th Street, Lewiston 8350 t 

Congressional District: 1 
County: tlez Perce PICE Identification: 001621 

Telephone (208) 746-2341 Entity Humber: 1 -82-6 00-0935-A1 

Established 1893 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,472 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : 1380 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 

Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: MW, ADNUR, TED 

01 President.... Dr. lee A. Vickers 

05 Academic Vice president Dr. William Daehling 

10 financial Vice President Dale R. AUdredge 

06 Regstr-Bic Institute Research Dc. Thonas T. fellows 

07 Director of Admissions Elizabeth Hare 

37 Director student Financial Aid., Susan Pace 

08 Librarian Ms. Lillian H. Hactin 

32 Dean for Student Development HeLvin R. Streeter 

75 Dean for Vocational Education Dr. Payton Hage 

51 Dean for Continuing Education Dr. John Scally 

66 Director Division of llursing Dr. Hacgaret Pox 


NORTH ID ARC COLLEGE 

1000 W Garden Avenue, Coeur D'Alene 83614 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Kootenai F1CE Identification: 001623 

Telephone (20B) 667-7422 Entity Humber; 1-02-6OO-O936-A 1 

Established 1933 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,990 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $480 
Control: Local Semester 

Bighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 fears 
Program: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NY, ADD OR 

01 President Hr. Barry G. Schuler 

05 Dean of the college Hr. Raymond L. Stone 

27 Dir Informational Services................. Hr. John R. House 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Leslie L. Hogan 

10 Business Hanager. Hr. Gerald o. Wendt 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Hiss Itsuko Hishio 

08 Librarian Hr. Keith H. Sturts 

14 Director of Computer Services...... Dr. Kelvin L. Davis 

0v Assistant to the President Hs. Josephine R. Webb 

37 Financial Aids Officer.......... Hr. Janes Upchurch 

75 Dir of Voc-Tech Education Hr. Clarence Haught 


NORTH WIST NAZARENE COLLEGE 

Nampa B3651 Congressional District: 1 

County: Canyon FICE Identification: 001624 

Telephone (208) 467-8011 Entity Humber: 1-82-020-0907-A1 

Established 1913 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,313 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees:. $2,745 

Affiliation: Church of Hazarene Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: UK, SW, TED 

01 President Kenneth H. Pearsall 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Gilbert C. Ford 


10 Business Hanager Galen Olsen 

32 Dean of Students Jerry Hull 

06 Registrar Wanda McHlchaol 

07 Director of Admissions Bruce D. Vobh 

08 Librarian....... Edith Lancaster 

37 Director of Financial Aids..... Paul StalLcop 

29 Alumni Executive Secretary Hyuon Finkbeiner 

71 Director of the Summer Session Ronald Ponsford 


RICKS COLLEGE 

Rexburg 83440 congressional District: 2 

County: Madison FICE identification: 001625 

Telephone (208) 356-2011 Entity Humber: 1-82-020-7699-A1 

Established 1980 Coed 

Enrollnent: 6,462 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $920 

Affiliation: Latter-Day Saints Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: NW, ADNUR, ENGT 

01 President Dr- Bruce c. Hafen 

05 Academic vice president Dr. Dean Sorensen 

10 Administrative Vice President Hr. Rex Donnion 

32 Student Life Vice President Dr. HacK G. Shirley 

26 City Services vice president Mr. Brent Klnghorn 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Frederic Voron 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Man Clark 

08 Dir Learning Resources center Hr. Larry J. Ostler 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Hal C. Barton 

06 Registrar... Hrs. Ila M. Niemann 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Jon W. Larson 

30 Director of Development Hr. Glen R. Erlkson 

27 Director of Public Relations Mr. Kenneth R. Ilovolt 

29 Director of Alumni Hr. Gary P. Brock 

37 Financial Aida Officer Hs. Bonnie !.. Searcy 

38 Director of counseling Center Dr. Joy L. Rlsonmay 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Gail A. Cazler 

19 Chief of Campus Police Hr. James E. Sessions 

51 Dir Continuing Education Hr. Ronald W. CaapbaLl 

55 Dir Rec Evening Summer School Hr. James R, Gee 


UNIVERSITY OF IDAHO 

Moscow 03843 Congressional District; t 

County: Latah FICE Identification: 001626 

Telephone (200) 085-6111 Entity Humber: 1-02 -600-0945-A1 

Established 1809 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,698 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-State) : $49u 
Control : State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NW, ARCH, 3DIET, ENG, FOR, LAW, LSAR, HUS, 

TED, 9VET 

01 President Dr. Richard D. Gibb 

05 Academic Vice President Dc. Robert P. Fucgason 

10 Financial vice President.... Mr. David L. McKinney 

45 Dir Hgmt Information Services Hr. Larry O. Hunter 

32 Exec Asst to Pres 8 Stdnt Serv Dr. Terry R. Armstrong 

06 Ragstr and Director Admissions.. Mr, Matt B. Tolin 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. Warren S. Over 

34 Actg Dean Stdnt Advisory Serv, Hr. Eruce H, Pitman 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Flip Rloffnei 

36 Dir Career Plan and Placement.... Hr. Charles J. Voolnon 

38 Dir Student counseling Center Er. Donald J. Ket-fl 

14 Director of Computer Services Mu. William V. Accola 

30 Director of Development......... Dr. Ernest w. Itartunq 

15 Director of Staff Personnel Hr, Elbert H. Hatton 

27 Dir University Information Hs. Sandra L. Hanrnager 

37 Director student Financiai Aid Mr. Harry Davoy 

51 Director Continuing Education... Ms. Susan S. Duccav 

49 Dean Letters and Sciences.... Dr. Elmer K. Raunlo 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Arthur Gittina 

61 Dean of Law..... Hr. Clifford Thompson 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Richard Villiaso 

72 Dean Hines and Earth Resources... Dc. Maynard H. Hiller 

47 Dean of Agriculture. Dr. Raymond J, Millar 

50 Dean Business and Economics Er. Charles D. HcQulllori 

53 Dean of Education......... Dr. Everett V. Saaiiolson 

65 Dean Forestry and Range Resrc Dc. John Ehrentoich 


ILLINOIS 


ALFRED ADLER INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO 

159 North Dearborn St, Chicago 60601 

Congressional Districts 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 029049 

Telephone (312) 346-3458 Entity Number: 1-36 - 251-S20W1 



103 


*£1£!!2£§ 


Established 1952 Coed 

Enrollment; 143 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO 

Control: Independent nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master’s But Less Than Doctorate 
program: Professional 
Accreditation: Mil 

01 President Eugene .1. McClory 

04 Assistant to the President Mrs. Judith A. Heigel 

05 Dean of Faculty Dr. Seymour Schneider 

06 Registrar Mrs. Evelyn Wachman 

08 Librarian. Mrs. Miriam Tabachnik 

30 Director of Development Vacant 

32 Dean of Students Howard Pollack 


10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Glen Mills 

30 Director of Development Donald cassiday 

26 Chief Public Relations Officer.... Roger K. Parolini 

32 Dean of Student Affairs. Jack Augustine 

06 Regstr-Dir Pub Information Scott B. Palmer 

07 Director of Admissions Charles E. Coughlin 

08 Librarian Mary Howrey 

14 Director Computer Center Homer Easley 

36 Dir of Car Planning-Placement George D . Thomson 

37 Director of Financial Aids Sally Floyd 

58 Dean of Graduate Study.......... Marge H . Yanker 


BARAT COLLEGE 


AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ART 

220 South State Street, Chicago 60604 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001628 

Telephone (312) 939-3803 Entity Humber: 1-36-267-4921-A1 

Established 1923 Coed 

Enrollment: 085 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,725 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NATTS 

01 Executive Chairoan Hr. Clinton E. Trank 

05 President and Director Mr. Irving Shapiro 

06 Registrar Mr. Kenneth J. Slade 

10 Office Manager Ms. Sharon Langor 


AMERICAN CCHSEFVATOFY OF MUSIC 

116 South Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60603 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001629 

Telephone (3 12) 263-4161 Entity Numbor: 1-36-072-4460-A 1 

Established 1886 Coed 

Enrollment: 393 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,000 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: MUS 

01 President Leo E. Haim 

05 Dean-Director of Admissions Charles E. Moore 

10 Cco ptroller Idillia Jucco 

06 Registrar Carolyn M. Peters 

08 Chief Librarian Lauren Donnhardt 

37 Financial Aid Ad ulnistra tor Sarah MacKey 


AUGUSTANA COLLEGE 

639- 38th Street, Rock Island 61201 

Congressional District: 19 
County: Rock Island FICE Identification: 001633 

Telephone (309) 7S4-7000 Entity Humber: 1-36-216-6962-A1 

Established 1860 Coed 

Enrollment: 2, 404 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,246 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church in America Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HH, MUS, TED 

01 President Dr. J. Thomas Tredway 

05 Vice Pres fcr Academic Affairs Dr. Harold H . Sundelius 

10 vice Pres Financial Affairs...... Mr, Glen E. Brolander 

32 Vice Pre3 fcr Student Affairs... Er. James C. Ribbeck 

30 Vice Pres for Administration Mr. John L. Kindschuh 

07 Dir Adais and Financial Aid............... Mr. Ralph staranko 

06 Dir Instnl Res and Records. Dr. Timothy N. Scherxer 

08 Librarian. , Mr. John Caldwell 

34 Dean of Women Miss Betsey A, Drodahl 

27 Director Information Services... Mr. Frank F. Telleen 

29 Director Alumni Relations.. Mr. Terry D. Hudson 

36 Director of Placement Mrs. Vicky Delorey 

14 Director of Computer center Mr. Douglas D. cuthbert 

AURORA COLLEGE 

347 South Gladstone Ave, Aurora 60507 

Congressional District: 15 
County: Kane FICE Identification: 001634 

Telephone (312) 892-6431 Entity Number: 1-36-216-6964-A1 


Established 1893 
Enrollnent: 1,018 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,300 


Lake Forest 60045 Congressional District: 13 

County: Lake FICE Identification: 001635 

Telephone (312) 234-3000 Entity Humber: 1-36- 218- 1950-A 1 

Established 1850 Women 

Enrollment: 688 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S3, 660 

Control: Independent Hcnprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HH 

01 President Sr. Judith Cagney 

03 Vice Pres for Administration Dr. Theodore J . Marchese 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs..... Ms. Sondra Fargo 

30 Vice President Developnent Ms. Judith C. Arner 

10 Controller Mr. David Soderberg 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Delois Scott 

07 Dir Admis-Contdnuiug Education Ms. Carol McCart 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Ms. Sharon Hordlof 

06 Registrar Ms. Hazel Schelper 

27 Director of Information office Ms. Beth Lucas 

36 Dir Career Plan and Placement Ms. Camille Springer 

08 Director of the Library Ms. Dorothy-Elle n Gross 

BELLEVILLE AREA COLLEGE 

2500 Carlyle Road, Belleville 62221 

Congressional District: 23 
County: saint Clair FICE Identification: 001636 

Telephone (618) 235-2700 Entity Humber: 1-37-089-6981-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,389 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $512 
Control: State/local Semester 

Highest offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Eelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, ENG T, MAC, MLTAD, NRT , PTAA, RAD, 
RSTHT, SURGT 

01 Interim President Dr. Bruce P. Wissore 

05 Vice Pres of Instruction Dr. R. Wayne Clark 

10 Vico Pres of Adminv services Mr. James Hines 

32 Vice Pres of Stdnt Developnent.. Dr. Weldon .7. Tallant 

06 Regstr- Director of Adnissions Dr, Robert Esridge 

08 Director Instruction Materials Jit. Lloyd Gentry 

36 Director of placement Mr. Jay Harrington 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Robert Morris 

37 Coordinator Financial Aids Mr. Lee Knoebel 

15 Personnel Director Dr. James Burkett 

19 Chief security Officer Mr. Gunner Christensen 

26 Director Public I nformation. . Ms. Doris Slocum 

38 Dir Counsel-Human Development.... Dr. Prank Gornick 

51 Dean Gen Stdies Cmty Services Dr. Warren Hleburg 

75 Dean Career Oriented Division Dr. Clyde I. Washburn 

53 Dean Bacc oriented Division...... Dr. Gordon Stone 


+DETHAHY THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

Butterfield 5 Meyers Eds, Oak Brook 60521 

Congressional District: 14 
County: Du Page PICE Identification: 001637 

Telephone (312) 620-2200 Entity Number: 1-36-080-2695-A i 

Established 1905 Coed 

Enrollment: 128 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: church of the Brethren Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate; Ho Undergraduates 
Prog ran : Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, THEQL 

01 President........ Dr. Warren F. Groff 

05 Dean.... Dr. Gcaydon' P. Snyder 

10 Treas and Business Manager Mr. John A. Eichelberger 

06 Registrar Miss H. Geraldine Plunkett 

08 Director of the Library Dr. Murray L. Wagner 

30 Director of Developnent Hr, E. Ployd McDowell 


Control: independent Hcnprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Master’s 

Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HH 

01 President... . '.**%, .*.* kl ............ .. Dr.. Alan J. Stone 

05 Aca dealc Dean. .......................... . Er. David T. Arthur 


BLACKBURN COLLEGE 

Carl in villa 62626 
County: Macoupin 


Congressional District: 20 
FICE Identification: 001639 



ILLINOIS. 


104. 


Telephone (217) 054-3231 Entity Number: 1-37-066-1491-A1 

Established 1057 „ c °®£ 

Enrollment: 459 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,550 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prog rao: Liberal Arts ana General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH , . 

01 President Dr. John R - Alberti 

05 Provost-Dean of the College Dr. Arthur H. Darken 

32 Dean of Students Prances C. Mitchell 

10 Business Manager 6 Treasurer..... Hr. Roger L. Carothers 

30 Vice President for Development Hr. John Perry 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records Hr. Donald J. Gix 

08 Librarian Hr. Robert L. Underbrink 

38 Director Counseling Services.............. Mr. James Bottrell 

36 Dir Career Development center Hs. Terri Goslin 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Hr. James West 


BLACK BAM K COLLEGE 
♦CEHTR AL OFFICE 


07 Asst Vice Pres Life Planning 

06 Registrar-Dir Instnl Research.... 
0B Director of the Library 

32 Dean of Students 

33 Dean of Hen 

34 Dean of Women 

26 Director Public Relations 

29 Dir Alumni-Parent Relations 

37 Director of Financial Aids 

36 Director of Placement 

14 Director Computer center 

15 Director of Personnel 

51 Dean of Continuing Education 

50 Dean Business Administration 

57 Dean Communications-Fine Arts.... 

53 Dean of Education 

54 Actg Dean Engr 6 Technology 

66 Dean Health Sciences 

49 Dean Libl Arts and Sciences 


Dr. Thomas Huddleston Jr. 
....... Hiss Ruth A. Jass 

........ Dr. Robert Jones 

... Dr. James H. Erickscn 

Mr. Edvard h. King 

.... Ms. Camille A, Being 

Hr. Allen A. Upton 

Hr. Philip J. Super 

... Hr. David L. Pardieck 
. . Mr. Robert L. Pardieck 
.. Mrs. Marian J. Frobish 
.. Mrs. Donna M. Schaidle 
.. Dr. DonaLd H. Albanito 

Cr. J. Taylor Siaa 

Dr. Philip Weinberg 

Dr. Larry K. Bright 

.. Dr. Frank H. Gtyna Jr. 
. Dr. James M. Mullendore 
Dr. Max H. KeLe 


CARL SANDBURG COLLEGE 


6600 34th Avenue, Moline 61265 Congressional District: 19 

County: Rock Island PICE Identification: 008310 

Telephone (309) 796-1311 Entity Number: 1-36-246-2309-A1 

01 President Dr. Richard J. Puffer 

10 Vice pres Admin and Finance................. Mr. Robert L. Dan 

26 College Information Officer Ms. Mary A. Clements 

09 Coord of Research and Budget...... Mrs. Linda K. Withrow 

♦BLACK HAWK COLLEGE EAST CAMPUS 

Box 489, Kewanee 61443 Congressional District: 19 

County: Henry PICE Identification: 007538 

Telephone (309) 852-5671 Entity Humber: 1-36-248-2309-A2 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 802 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-StatQ) : $784 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 11 H 

02 Vice Pres Acad Aff-Provost Cr. Ronald P. Williams 

32 Director student Services.... Hr. Richard I. Warner 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Cr. Charles 0. Wacthen 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Dale E. Swanson 

08 Director Learning Resources Hr. Lawrence A. Ziwaeraann 

51 Director Community Services... Cr. Killian M. Simpson 

♦ELACK HAWK COLLEGE CUAD-CITIES CAMPUS 

6600 34th Avenue, Moline 61265 Congressional District; 19 

County: Rock Island PICE Identification: 001638 

Telephone (309) 756-1311 Entity Humber: 1 -36-248-2309-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment; 4,796 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1784 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Pro-gram: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor 's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH, ADHUR, DA 

01 President Dr. Richard J. Puffer 

05 Vice Pres Acad Affaiis-ruovost Cr. Charles J. Carlsen 

32 Dean of student Services Dr. Fred Peterson 

08 Dir Learning Resources Center Mr. Donald C. Rowland 

06 Dir Adnissicns-Registration. ......... . Hr. Barton Schier meyer 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. David Sprenkle 

38 Director Counseling Services Dr. Mary Alice Stewart 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Acie Earl 

51 Dean of Cosounity Services Dr. otto Schweinberger 

75 Dean of Career Programs Dr. Devayne Frey 

45 Dean Univ Parallel Programs Er. Charles E. Laws 

BRADLEY UNIVERSITY 

Peoria 61625 Congressional District: 10 

County: Peoria FICE Identification: 001641 

Telephone (309) 676-7611 Entity Nunbar: 1-37-066-1494-A1 

Established 1897 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,284 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,626 

Control; independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: HH, DUS, EHG , ENGT, MUS, N UR, SP, TED 

0 1 President Dr. Martin G. Abegg 

05 vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. John c. Hitt 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs.... Mr. James E. Koopaan 

58 Assoc Vice Pres-Dean Grad Sch.. Dr. Jaaes Ballowe 


2232 S Lake Storey Road, Galesburg 61401 

Congressional District: IS 
County: Knox PICE Identification: 001265 

Telephone (309) 344-251 8 Entity Number : 1 -37-089-6983-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,049 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $516 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, RAD 

01 President Dr. William M . Anderson 

05 vice President-Instruction L. Everett Belotc 

32 Dir of Stdnt Personnel Service Dr. Robert Luther 

10 Manager of Business Affairs Tully Heubner 

08 Dir Learning Resource Center Margaret Walnor 

14 Director of Data Processing Larry Derq 

06 Coord Admissions and Records Carol Kreidar 

51 Dir Cutty C Extension Services Lanny Rudd 

75 Dir of Voc Technical Education Arthur Williamson 


CATHOLIC THEOLOGICAL UNION 

5401 s Cornell Avenue, Chicago 60615 

Congressional District: 1 
county: Cook FICE identification: 009232 

Telephone (312) 324-8000 Entity Number: 1 -36-264-7467-M 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 232 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 10 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Ouarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, THEOL 

01 President Rev. Alcuin Coyle 

05 Dean of Studies Rev. Robert Schreitor 

10 Business Manager Rev. Michael Hill 

30 Director of Development Ms. Theresa Honcoe 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Bonn Raabe 

06 Registrar Hs. Mildred lion ko 

OB Director of the Library Rev. Kenneth G. O'Malley 

CENTRAL Y. M. C. A. COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
211 West Wackec Drive, Chicago 60606 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001644 

Telephone (312) 984-8210 Entity Number: 1 - 3 6 -2 1 7- 97 0 2 - A 1 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,401 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,240 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, HRT , RAD, RSTH 

01 President Dr. Ralph H. Los 

32 Vice Pres of Student Affairs Dr, Leon B. ivory 

05 Vice Pres Academic Services............. Hr, Charles A. cheek 

10 Vice Pres-Management Services Mr. Edward Ellis 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. Victor L. Peterson 

38 Dean of Counseling Dr. Harcelino Cuellar 

45 Director Planning and Research Hr. William J. Settles 

06 Registrar Ms. Kazimiera Stypka 

37 Director Student Financial Aia Hr. Wilson Jordan 

08 Director of Library Services... Hs. Harjorie Feld»«n 

07 Assistant Dean of Admissions Mr. Robert Lott 

15 Director of Personnel Services Hs. Janice Floyd 

27 Director of Public Information.... Ms. Arlene Shattll 

19 Director of Security......... Hr. Henry Cllsby 

49 Dean of Curriculum ....... Dr. H, Kent Hayfleld 

51 Asst Dean Continuing Education Dr. Ruth Gallinot 

75 Vice Pres Manpower Development,... Dr. Henry E. Scott 



ILLINOIS 


CHICAGO COLLEGE OP OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE 


5250 Ellis A 
County: Cook 
Telephone (3 
Fsta hi is hod 
Enrollment: 
Control: Ind 
Highest Offe 
Program: Pro 
Acer edit at io 

01 President.. 

03 /ice Pres A 

05 Dean 

10 Vice Pres JJ 

06 Registrar. . 

07 Dir Ad mis a 

0& Librarian.. 


venue, Chicago 60615 Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 001657 
12) 947-3000 Entity Number: 1-36-216-6999-A 1 

1900 Coed 

305 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 40 

ependent Nonprofit Quarter 

ring: First Professional: No Undergraduates 
fessional 
n: OSTEO 

Dr. Thaddeus P. Kavalek 

cademic Affairs Dr. Robert A. Kistner 

Dr. Thomas w. Allen 

usiness Affairs Dr. Robert W. Schaerer 

Mrs. Patricia A. Nagy 

nd Dean Students Dr. Harold L. Hakes 

Dr. Arthur W. llafner 


County: Cook FICE Identification: 001661 

Telephone (312) 752-5757 Entity Number: 1-36-21 6-7014 -A1 

Established 1855 Coed 

Enrollnent: 106 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 30 

Affiliation: United Church of Christ Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; tic Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: IHEOL 

01 President Dr. Charles S. Rooks 

05 Acadenic Dean Dr. Perry D. Lefevre 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Joseph T. Dye 

30 Vice President of Development Hr. Richard s. Ferris 

06 Registrar Ms. Cheryl w. Miller 

32 Coord stdnt 6 Community Life Rev. Mary E. Bacon 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Richard D. Lewis 

00 Head Librarian Rev. Neil w. Gardes 


CITY COLLEGES OP CHICAGO 


• CHICAGO CON SE RV ATOP V COLLEGE 

410 S Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60605 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001658 

Telephone (312) 427-0500 Entity Number: 1-36-276-8359-A1 

Established 1932 Coed 

Enrollment: 56 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 42,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: MUS 

01 Administrative Director Mr. Leonard H. Freiser 

03 Dean..... Hr. Otis Branch 

10 Accountant Vacant 

06 Registrar Ms. Kathleen Ayotte 


CHICAGO SCHOOL OF PROFESSION AL PSYCHOLOGY 

410 South Michigan, Chicago 60605 Cot 
County: Cook FICE 

Telephone (312) 786-9443 Entity Ni 

Established 1979 

Enrollment: 45 Undergradual 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest offering: First Professional; N< 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: aiiH 

01 President. 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. 

06 Librarian 

30 Development Consultant 


ngressional District: 1 
Identification: 029230 
umber: 1-36-300-5527-A1 
Coed 

te Tuition and Fees: $0 
Semester 

o Undergraduates 


, Phillip N. llablutzel 
Gerald J. Werckle Jr. 
Mr. Stanley G. Irvine 
... Mrs. Susan Sundman 


CHICAGO STATE UNIVERSITY 

95th Street at King Drive, Chicago 60628 

Congressional District: 5 
county: cook PICE identification: 001694 

Telephone (312) 9S5-2000 Entity Humber: 1-36-258-0G15-A1 

Established 1867 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,213 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $704 
Control: state Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofesslonal 

Accreditation: Nil, nil, TED 

01 President Dr. Benjamin H. Alexander 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. William Sutton 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Mr. Paul Brinkman 

32 Dean of Student Development Dr. James cowser 

0B Dean of Libraries Cr. W. Patrick Leonard 

45 Dir of the Budget and Planning...... Mr. Wayne Rath 

04 Exec Assistant to President . Ms. Renee F. Williams 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Billy J. Holloway 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Robert P. Hauviller 

25 Director Research Services Dr. Thomas Overmire 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Azel Carter 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records. ......... Dr . Walter J. Heinzel 

36 Dir Career Planning-Placement Ms. Debra P. Banks 

51 Asst Dean Extension Services.. Dr. Patrick Stanton 

49 Dean of Arts and Science Dr, Milton A. Gordon 

50 Dean Bus and Administration Dr. William Malone 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Barbara J. Kardas 

58 Dean of Graduate Division... Dr. Richard Prince 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Linda Simunek 

69 Dean of Allied Health... Dr. Anderson J. Ward 


CHICAGO THEOLOGICAl SEMINARY 

5757 University Avenue, Chicago 60637 


Congressional District: 1 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

160 H Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60601 

congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001647 

Telephone (312) 269-8000 Entity Number: 1 -36-260 -6236- A1 

01 Chancellor Mr. Oscar E. Shabat 

10 Executive Vice Chancellor Mr. Donald N. Hill 

05 Vice Chanc Faculty-Instruction..... Dr. Hymen M. Chausov 

45 Vice Chanc Oper Services Mr. Irving D. Slutsky 

15 Vice chancellor Personnel...... Dr. Arnold p. Jones 

32 Vice Chanc Student Services Mr. Donald C. Scott 

75 Vice Chanc Career Programs Vacant 

♦CITY COLLEGES OP CHICAGO CHICAGO CITY- WIDE COLLEGE 

185 N Wabash Avenue, Chicago 60601 congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 029050 

Telephone (312) 977-2500 Entity Number: 1-36-260-6236- A1 

Established 1975 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,880 

Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (In-State) : $408 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Eelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, RTT 

€2 President Dr. Salvatore G. Rotella 

03 Vice President Dr. Joan W. Swift 

05 Prcvost Me. Dan B. Landt 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. Robert A. Reed 

10 Business Manager..... Mr. Roy Sommer 

32 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Leslie w. Sandy 

55 Dean of Open Learning Dr. John Thissen 

56 Dean Public Service Institute Mr. Richard D. Humphrey 

69 Dir Health Services Institute Mr. Richard Tworek 

70 Dean Human Services Institute Dr. Betty Hutchison 

75 Dean of Career Education Mr. Clifford D. Fields 

♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO KENNEDY-KINC CCLLEGE 

6800 South Wentworth Ave, Chicago 60621 

Congressional District: • 
County: Cook FICE identification: 001654 

Telephone (312) 962-3200 Entity Number: 1-36- 254 -051 2-A 1 

Established 1934 Coe * 

Enrollment; 7,205 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $450 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH u 

02 President Dc * s “ e [) M. Akin 

05 Vice Pres for Instrl Services Mrs. Ruth J. Barker 

15 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services..... Mrs. Yera L. Nash 

07 Director of Admissions.... Mr. Dan Davis 

06 Registrar .. Mr- Harold P. Mason 

1C Business Manager... Mr. Gregory E. Callaway 

08 Librarian Mrs. Noel Grego 

45 Dir of Operational Services Mr. Frank Hayashida 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr, Paul H. Sinon . 

55 Dir Cont Ed-Community Services Mr. Seneca Turner 

75 Asst Dean of Career Programs Mr. Royal Smith 

49 Dean Arts and Sciences Dr. Randall M. Johnson 

♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO THE LOOP COLLEGE 

64 East Lake Street* Chicago 60601 Congressional District; 7 
county: cook PICE Identification: 001652 

Telephone (312) 269-6000 Entity Number: 1-36-251-0457- A1 

Established 1962 Coed 





106 


Into llnent: 6,756 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5340 
Control: State/local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Teroinal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
leered itation: NH, IDA 

02 President.. Dr. Salvatore G. Rotella 

04 Assistant to the President Hr. HcClure P. McCombs 

05 Vice Pres for Instrl Services Hr. Matthew Enos 

32 Vice Pres-Stdnt Pets Services..... Vacant 

30 Dir of Operational Services..... Hr. Frank J. Trunk 

15 Assistant to the President Hr. Elias Argott 

06 Registrar Hr. Robert Reed 

07 Director of Admissions Vacant 

37 Dir Financial Assistance Hr. Charles Jones 

08 Librarian Hr. Ira J. Peskind 

75 Dean of Car and Spec Programs Hr. Daniel c. Burrows 

55 Director of Evening Division... Hr. Robert Grimes 

56 Director of Extension Hs. Deborah Lavin 

49 Dean of Arts and Science Hr. Conald B. Hurray 


♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO HALC0LK X COLLEGE 

1900 H Van Buren Street, Chicago 60612 

congressional District: 7 
County: Cook PICE Identification: 001650 

Telephone (312) 942-3000 Entity Number: 1-36-606-9636-A1 

Established 1911 Coea 

Enrollment: 4,249 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5400 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: !IH, RAD, RSTH 

02 -president Hr. Janes c. Griggs 

03 Vice President Dr. Paul Vega 

05 Vice Pres Instnl Services Dr. Wayne Watson 

10 Dir of Bus and oper Services Hr. Richard Blackwell 

06 Registrar Mr. Julian Poole 

08 Librarian Mrs. Patricia Bartley 

32 Dean of stdnt Pers Services Ms. Shirley Knazze 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Hs. Paula D. Causher 

19 Director of Security Hr. Richard Pora 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Hichael Hitchell 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Ms. Audrey Williams 

75 Dean of Careers College Dr. Harold Pates 

51 Dean-Adult Education Ms. Ceidra Jackson 

♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO OLIYB-HARYEY COLLEGE 
1000 1 S Woodlawn Avenue, Chicago 60620 

_ , Congressional District: 2 

County: cook PICE Identification: 009767 

Telephone (312) 568-3700 Entity Number: 1-36-606-7499-A1 

Established 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,973 

Undergraduate Tuition and Tees(In-State) : 1510 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

President...... Dr. Eugene T. Speller 

Q7 Dire<-tor S of n ia r - S ? riric * s Hoaer Franklin 

07 Director of Admissions m c j an >p<; u Hun™ 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Hr. Clarence Beecher 

09 Dir of Institutional Research I . Hr! Arava Zerom 

10 Dir Bus C Operational Services Mr. Gilbert E. Bailev 

37 Director Student Financial Aid .? Ms? Lois Tcllll 

3 8 Dir of Student Development. ! . . Hr. MarH n 2?i?2? 

45 Coord Plan Hgmt 6 Evaluation . W ” II ! ! . . ir. “oSv Sheat 

SI E D eoiitr!r in9 ResoUrces Center..... Hr. Larry Butcher 

04 Assistant to President: Hs.i ™ Sann 

19 Dir of Safety and Security... Hr Douclas n 

51 Dir Cont Ed and Caty Servicas Mrs Verda Bearh 

72 Dean Career Prograns I... " rS ' 

66 Chran Department of Nursing Ms! ’Louise' Hastroian! 

SO Chr on Department of Business Jilliai 

68 Chr an D.,t of eh, Eaoootioo Bt . (^“kiVoS.U 

♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO RICHARD 0. DALEY COLLEGE 
7500 South Pulaski Road, Chicago 60652 
county: Cook 

Sllbilstei I960 0D ° SntUj NUSber! 1 -36-260-6236-A6 

Enrollment; 6,643 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Jees(In-State) : $5ig 


Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Ycac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 President Hr. William p. Conway 

05 Vice Pres Faculty-Instruction Hr. Stephen E. Fccske 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Hs. Katherine R. Lonlhan 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Hr. Walter J. Lynch 

09 Dir of Instructional Research Hr. Joseph V. Clan 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. Harry F. Huddleston 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Kathleen S. Lindem&nn 

04 Assistant to President Ms. Mary G. Moreno 

51 Dean Adult and Cont Education Hr. Daniel G. Racicb 


♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO TRUMAN COLLEGE 

1145 Wilson Avenue, Chicago 60640 Congressional District: 9 
County: Cook PICE Identification: 001648 

Telephone (312) 078-1700 Entity Number: 1-36-000-9054-A1 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,027 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) i 5510 
Control: State/Local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 President Dr. Wallace n. Appel. son 

05 Vice Pres Instrl Services Hr. Bernard D . Tarshis 

04 Asst Dean Adoinv Services Mrs. Guadalupe HcDougald 

06 Dean Admissions and Records Mr. Ernest T. Hennings 

15 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services M3. Cynthia Parry 

09 Assistant Dean of Research Hs. Joan 0. Heskin 

10 Business Manager Dr. Arthur K. Taylor 

19 Director of Security Hr. Dan Borkovich 

36 Director Student Placement Mr. Hichael Liman 

37 Director of Financial Aid... Hr. Arthur Dell 

08 Librarian Dr. George llansor 

32 Director Student Activities Hs. Valerie S. Gangware 

51 Dean Ad Continuing Education Dr. Jane Dcowno 

75 Vice Pres Car 6 Spec Programs Dr. John W. Gianapulos 

♦CITY COLLEGES OF CHICAGO WRIGHT COLLEGE 

3400 Austin, Chicago 60634 Congressional District; it 

County: Cook PICE Identification: 001655 

Telephone (312) 777-7900 Entity Number: 1- 36- 600-0001-AI 

Established 1934 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,586 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) i *510 
Control: State/Local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, RAD 

02 President Mr. Ernest V. Clements 

05 Vice Pres Faculty-Instruction Hr. Raymond F. Lefovour 

06 Registrar L Mr. John H. Hoyer 

07 Dean Admission and Placement Vacant 

33 Director student Activities Mr. Roger A. Hay 

10 Business vacant 

08 Librarian Mr. Richard L. Taylor 

72 Dean Voc-Tech Education Vacant 

49 Dean of Transfer-Dir Research Dr. Ralph F,. Smith 

COLLEGE OF DU PAGE 

Lambert Road 6 22nd St, Glen Ellyn 60137 

Congressional District: tu 
county: Du Page pice identification: 006656 

Telephone (312) 850-2000 Entity Number: 1-36-259-4972-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 17,738 

„ . , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) t $630 

Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, R7iD, RSTHT 

Resident.. . Dr. Harold D . HcAninch 

04 Assistant to Provost Beatrice Schubert 

^ 0V °st-Hain Campus Theodore Tilton 

10 Vice Pres Adninv Affairs Kenneth J. Koltoet 

° irec * or of st a£f Relations John V. Blatnik 

40 vice Pres Plan and Information Ronald D. Lemae 

H C «? r of Devel °Pi>ent. Richard R. Hiller 

2 b Exec Director External Affairs d. r, potrizzo 

ns 6 C°Munity Relations. William 7. Koblitt 

nlln of Inst ruction Richard V. Wood 

35 ■ Dr - Kenneth A. Harris 

35 Director Auxiliary Enterprises Ernest E, Gibson 



107 


ILLINOIS 


08 Dean of Xrng Resource Center Richard L. Ducote 

13 Director Campus Services Donald A. Carlson 

09 Director Planning 8 Research Ur. Stephen J. Groszos 

19 Director Conputer Services Bartley J. Carlson 

07 Director of Admissions... James ft. Killians 

06 Dir Registration 6 Records Charles D. Erickson 

51 Dir Bus-Professicna 1 Institute Mary J. Eevelacgua 

56 Pio vost— Dupage Open College. Thomas K. Thomas 

49 De3 n of Hum and liberal Arts Daniel I.. Lindsey 

50 Dean Car 6 Business Services Ronald H. Fordonski 

75 Dean Occup & Car Education William T. Gooch 

55 Dean of Extension Dr. William P. Treloar 

65 Dean natural Resources Ruth G. tlechoda 

71 Dean Academic Alternatives Russell E. Lundstrom 

70 Dean Soc-Beha vorial Sciences Barbara II. lerame 

COLLEGE OF LAKE COUNT* 

19351 H Washington Street, Grayslake 60030 

Congressional District: 13 
County Lake PICE Identification: 007694 

Telephone (312) 223-6601 Entity Number: 1-36-264-8760-A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,212 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tatej : 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADHUR, ADA, MLTAD, HRT, RAD 
01 President Dr. John 0. Hunter 

05 Vice Pres fcr Academic Affairs Dr. John Swalec 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Services Hr. Peter R. Dakas 

45 Dean Institutional Research Lr. Hal Garner 

32 Dean Student Services Dr. Randolph W. Webster 

08 Dean of Learning Resources Hr. Tom Buchta 

14 Director of Data Center Hr. Gary Churchill 

06 Director Alois and Records Hr. Curt Denny 

26 Dir of Community Relations Hs. Diana Vickery 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Don Goyette 

COLLEGE OF SAINT FRANCIS 

500 N Wilcox Street, Joliet 60435 Congressional District: 17 
County: Will FICE Identification: 00 1664 

Telephone (815) 740-3360 Entity Number: 1-36-217-0999-A1 

Established 1925 

Enrollment: 3,222 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,930 

Affiliation: Reman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH , ^ 

01 president 0c *i 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Philip 0. Steinkcauss 

04 Assistant to the President Hr. Patrick Sullivan 

32 Vice Pres of Student Life Hr. John A. Gallagher 

10 Business Manager Hr. Michael Drown 

06 Registrar Sr. Margaret Duffy 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles Deutel 

08 Librarian Sr ' Carol A. Novak 

30 Director of Development. Mrs. Joann Placner 

37 Director of Financial Aid - Hs. Linda Major 

36 Director of Student Placement Mr. Thomas Kennedy 

26 Director of Public Relations Mrs* Marlene Stubler 

51 Director Continuing Education Mrs. Marjorie Harion 

56 Dean of Graduate Studies Sr. Rosaria Kranz 


COLUMBIA COLLEGE 

600 s Michigan, Chicago 60605 Congressional District: 7 

County: Cook FICE Identification: 001665 

Telephone (312) 663-1600 Entity Number: 1-36-61 1-2087 -A2 

Established 1890 a 

Enrollment: 3,118 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,7JZ 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Hr. Hirron Alexandroff 

10 Vice Pres Finan Aff-Personnel Hr. John W. Scheibel 

05 Academic Dean - Dr. Lya D. Rosenbluo 

32 Assoc Dean Student Affairs Hr. John W. Moore 

07 Director of Admissions.......' Hr. Edvard Havakas 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Stephen L. Beilin 

09 Dean of Institutional Research Hr. Hubert E. Davis 

06 Regstr-Assoc Dean Stdnt Hr. Hermann D. Conaway 

04 Administrative Dean Hr. Albert c. Gall 

26 Director of Public Relations Hrs. Connie Zonka 

30 Director of Development...... Hr. Jack Wolfsohn 

29 Director of Alumni Services Ks. Marsha Wetmore 

36 Director of placement Services... Hs. Cheryl Jenkins 

45 Director Counseling Services... Hr. Stephen G. Russell Thomas 


♦CONCORDIA COLLEGE 

7400 Augusta , River Forest 60305 Congressional District: 6 
County: cook FICE Identification: 001666 

Telephone (312) 771-0300 Entity Humber: i - 36- 2 19 - 1 24 2 -A i 

Established 1864 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,125 Undergraduate Tuition and ‘Fees: $2,160 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church- Missouri Synod Quarter 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 


Accreditation: TED 













... Mr. Albert B. Wingfield 






















58 

Director of Graduate Division.... 



DANVILLE AREA C0MHUNITY COLLEGE 

2000 East Main Street, Canvilie 61032 

Congressional District: ll 
County: Vermilicn FICE Identification: 001669 

Telephone (217) 443-1811 Entity Number: 1-37-08e-9813-A1 

Established 1946 coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $450 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor '.s Creditable 


Accreditation: Nil 







... Mr. William R. Templeton 












flr.. WiLbur J. Dickson 






Mr. Donald F. Ilaberkotn 













51 

Director of Adult Education 



♦DE LOURDES COLLEGE 

353 North River Road, Des Plaines 60016 

congressional District: ’0 
county: Cook FICE Identification: 001670 

Telephone (312) 298-6760 Entity Number: 1 -36-21 7-7135-A1 

Established 1927 1 

Enrollment: 204 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,100 

Affiliation: Honan Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: « or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 

“•.rksns 

DE PAUL UNIVERSITY 

25 East Jackson Boulevard, Chicago 60604 

Congressional District: r 

. county: Cook /ICE Identification: J0 1671 

Telephone (312) 321-8000 Entity Number: 1-36-216-7048 A1 

Established 1890 ,■ . „ _ “52 

Enrollment; 12,857 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $3,135 

Affiliation: Roman Cathclic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Art3 and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

professional „ 

Accreditation: NH, BUS, CLPSY, 1AW, HUS, NUR, 

01 President..... v Rev • Johfl R ‘ Cortelyou 

03 Executive Vice President Rav. ^f^^wers 

05 Vice Pres-Dean of Faculties /* q*lkin 

45 Vice president for Planning f u 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs... SilSrtV Newman 

30 Vice Pres Develop S Pub - • • i,e £?eEtE. 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Rev. Edv “ c f *• ***?* 

■a c Tmacurer - ®av. J. Patrick Hurphy 

08 Director of Libraries..... Glenn R. Scharfenorth 



ILJ-INO IS, 


ioe. 


15 Director of Personnel 

14 Director of Coaster Services 
09 Dir-Institutiona 1 Research... 

06 Registrar....... 

07 Director of Adoissions 

36 Dean of Students 

36 Dir Career Planning-Placement 

37 Director of Financial Aid.... 
25 Dir Sponsored Pr ogs-Besearch. 
51 Dean School for Sew Learning. 

00 Dean of Da Paul College 

50 Dean of College cf Commerce.. 
64 Dean of the Schocl of Husic.. 
53 Dean of School of Education.. 

58 Dean of Graduate School 

61 Dean of Collage cf Lav 

49 Inters Dean Libl Arts-Sciences 
57 Dean of Goodman School Drama.. 


Joyce A. Fecske 

. Eleanor T. Gillespie 
. Richard A. Yanikoski 
.... Robert L. Hoefler 
Rev. Thomas P. Hunster 
. Rev. Thomas H. Croak 
.... Kenneth C. Conway 

Barbara J. Levis 

Prank G. Bailen 

... Marilyn 0. Stocker 
... 1. Edvard Alleaand 

Bro. Leo Ryan 

Frederick Miller 

.. Wilma S. longstreet 

John P. Hasterson 

Elvin Griffith 

, . Edwin J. Schillinger 
John R. Watts 


Accreditation: Nil/ ADNUR, I>A 
01 President * • • 

05 vice Pres Admin 6 Instruction... 
10 Vice Pres Bus and Finance....... 

32 Vice Pres for student Affairs... 
09 Asst to Pres Res G Planning 

06 Registrar 

08 Audio Visual Director 

14 coord Data Processing Center.... 
26 Coord Instnl Info Services 

07 Dir Admissions and Records 

37 Dir Finan Aids and Placement.... 
75 Dean Tech and Vocational Ed 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts 

50 Dean of Business 

57 Dean Comoun-Lit-Fine Arts 

65 Dean Soc-Behav Sci-Paramedical . . 


... Dr. Mark L. Hopkins 
. . . . Ir. Dwight e. Link 
... Dr. Michael Shirley 
. . . . Mr . Eugene p. pint 
..... Dr. Donald Waters 
. Mrs. Josephine Ifonuth 

Mr. Jack Weiss 

Mr, Donald Diaond 

Mrs. Carole D. Akeoann. 

Vacant 

Mr, Charles Shanholtzer 

Hr. John Gualdoni 

• Vacant 

Mr. Eric Larson 

. . Dr. D. Gail Shadvell 
Dr. Travis Houser 


♦DEYRY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

3300 W Campbell Avenue, Chicago 60618 

Congressional District: 11 
County: Cook. FICE Identification: 001672 

Telephone (312) 929-8500 Entity Humber: 1-36-260-4699-A9 

Established 19 31 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,897 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,140 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Tervinal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: ENGT, HATTS 

01 President Hr. Samuel R. Edmonds 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Samuel Jackson 

10 Dean of Financial Affairs Mr. William Sliva 

06 Registrar Ms. Kirsten Vogeley 

07 Director of Admissions...... Nr. Bernard Donoghue 

36 Director of Graduate Placement Ms. Patricia Kridler 

37 Assoc Oean-Dir Financial Aid ;.... Mr. Thomas Flint 

0B Librarian Ms. Suzanne Wells 

72 Dean of Technology Mr. Richard Revor 


EASTERS ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY 

Charleston 61920 Congressional District: 22 

County; Coles FICE Identification: 001674 

Telephone (217) 561-2011 Entity Humber: 1-37-601-3590-A1 

Established 18S5 Coed 

Bnrollnent : 10 , 536 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $865 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Bayond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation; NH, HUS, SP, TED 

01 President Dr. Daniel E. Marvin Jr. 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Glenn D. Williams 

10 Vice-Pres Admin 6 Finance Dr. George E. Hiller 

26 Director University Relations Mr. Kenneth E. Hesler 

08 Director of Library Services Dr. Wilson Luguire 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John E. Beacon 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mrs. sue C. McKenna 

36 Director of Placement Dr. Janes F. Knott 

15 Dir Pars 6 Employee Relations Mr. James A. Pfeiffer 

9® ^f giS ^ car * Kr ‘ Jaaes E. Martin 

U Director of computer Services Hr. David Henard 

11 “ lcec ^ or 1°*° ao<! Publications Hr. Harrison Read 

38 Dean Academic Development Dr. shirley Moore 

25 Director of Research Mr. Fdvin 1 Msv 

51 Dir cent Ed-cmty Services . Mr Oe^e Ha^kJer 

5B Dean Graduate School 0c , larry J% mUaBS 

49 Act g Dean Col Arts 6 Sciences Jon H. Laible 

50 Dean of the Schocl of Business Cr. Theodore H. Ivarie 

57 Dean of School of Fine Arts . Dr. Vaughn Jaenike 

5j cean School of Education Dr , prank H Lut? 

68 Dean Sch dealth-Phy Ed-Eecr Cr. Waltel s. Loiell 

59 Dean School of Home Economics o r . Harv = svooe 

? sr ;:,?;;*: 1 o£ ioEfj J: lix 

7 Director Summer School. .... Dr. Charles Svitzer 
75 Dir Vocational-Technical Ed Dr. Charles l. Soley 

ELGIN CCHNONIT Y COLIEGE 

1700 Spartan Drive, Elgin 60120 Congressional District; 13 

Enrollment: 5,160 Coed 

rr ,. , , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $310 

LOnt toil LOCal 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program : Terminal Occupational Belcw Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


ELMHURST COLLEGE 

190 Prospect, Elmhurst 60126 Congressional District: '4 

County: Du Page PICE Identification: 001676 

• Telephone (312) 279-4100 Entity Number: 1-36- 2”>6-9145- A > 

Established 1071 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,311 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,534 

Affiliation: United Church of Christ 4-i-n 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, NOR, TED 

01 President Dr. Ivan E. Frick 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Peter M. Schmiechen 

32 Dean of Students Dr. James R. Cunningham 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. Trevor V. Pinch 

30 Director of Development; Hr. William C. Trigg 

06 Dir-Registration and Records Dr. Eugene I. Atkin 

07 Dir Admissions- Financial Aid Mr. Michael C. CgbgIeoz 

08 Librarian Mr. Melvin J. Klatt 

36 Dir Place and Career Planning Mr. Thomas Boose 

38 Director of Counseling Serv Dr. Janes p. Barry 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. James Francis 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Ms. Vivian J. Grimes 

26 Dir Church Relations-Chaplain Rev. Lynn Pyon 

27 Director Public Relations News Mrs. Kathy Heldort 

71 Adminv Asst to Dean of College... Ms. Haisny L. Lake 

55 Dir Evening-Summer Session Dr. Helen E. Doaunont 

56 Dir Ctr for Special Programs Dr. Robert F. Sutton 

♦EUREKA COLLEGE 

300 College, Eureka 61530 Congressional District: 15 

County: Woodford FICE Identification: 001678 

Telephone (309) 467-3721 Entity Numbor: 1-37-067-3UD4-U 

Established 1855 Coed 

Enrollment: 438 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,050 

Affiliation: Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: 1IH 

01 President Dr, Daniel D. Gilbert 

03 Executive Vice President....,., Mr. Clarence R . Hoe 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Jerry a. McCoy 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. George A. Ilearne 

32 Asst Dean stdnt Life-Finan Aid........ Mrs. Trina Dobbarstein 

06 Registrar G Assistant Dean Mr. Donald E. Littlejohn 

08 Librarian Ms. Nordis Smith 

10 Chief Business Officer Mr. J. David Thomas 

14 supervisor Computer Center Mr. Phillip Jlaydon 

27 Supervisor Information Office Ms. Barbara Hoover 

09 Dir Institutional Research..... Er. Rudolph Eichenbocger 

29 Director Alumni Relations Hr. Glenn Riddell 

30 Coordinator of Development, Mrs. Sharon Eichanbcrger 

38 Director Life Work Planning Mrs. Linda M, Gilbert 

♦PELICIAH COLLEGE 

3800 Peterson Avenue, Chicago 60659 

_ Congressional District: 11 

County: Cook FICE identification: 001680 

Telephone (312) 539-1919 Entity Number: 1-36- 217- 17 28- A i 

Established 1926 Coed 

200 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,200 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditahle 
Accreditation: NH 

nl ^ e f i f ent and Dean Sr. Mary Bonita 

06 Registrar-Admissions Officer.... Sr. Mary Reginetta 

in ““ acian -Dir of Development sr. Mary chrysantha 

10 Business Manager Sr . Hary uulcisataa 

32 Dean of Students-Financial Aid...... Sr. Nary Eulodia 

oi Director Continuing Education................. Vacant 



109 


ILLINOIS 


♦FOREST INSTITUTE OF PROFESSIONAL PSYCHOLOGY 
555 Wilson Lane, Ees Plaines 60016 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Cook FlCE Identification: 029239 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-36-305-301 9-A1 

Esta blished 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Prog rnn : 

Accreditation: 3N1I 


GARRETT-EVANGELICAL THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 


2121 Sheridan Road, Evanston 60201 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 012303 

Telephone (312) 066-3900 Entity Number: 1-36-216-7085- A1 

Established 1053 Coed 

Enrollment: 300 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: JO 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, TIIEOL 

01 President Dr. Neal F. Fisher 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Carl II. Mar bury 

30 Vico President for Development Vacant 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Sadayuki Hour! 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Rev. Austin W. Greene 

OB Librarian . Rev. Alva R. Caldwell 

06 Registrar Krs. Vera L. Watts 

27 Director of Public Information Ms. Nancy Ethiel 

73 Dir Dr Ministry Prog-Cont Ed Dr. Douglas E. Wlngeler 


GEM CITY COLLEGE 

7 00 State Street, Quincy 62301 Congressional District: 20 

County: Adams FICH Identification: 012056 

Telephone (2 17) 222-0391 Entity Number: 1-37-028-9990-A1 

Established 10 70 Coed 

Enrollment: 310 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,768 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Pcograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: N AITS 

01 President Dr. Floyd W. Marshall 

03 Vice President Dr. Warner W. Johnson 

29 Director Mrs. Freida V. Marshall 

36 Director Kiss Wilma Hagerbaumer 

37 Assistant Director Mrs. Nancy Mette 


GEORGE WILLIAMS COLLEGE 

555 31st Street, Downers Grove 60515 

Congressional District: 14 
County: Du Page FICE Identification: 001683 

Telephone (312) 964-3100 Entity Number: 1-36-217-9783-A1 

Established 1006 

Enrollment: 1,271 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,802 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offaring: Master's 

Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Ptofessio nal 


Accreditation: Nil, SW 




























Er. J. Clifford Holmes 







36 

Placement Director 



GOVERNORS STATE UNIVERSITY 

Park Forest South 60466 
county: Will 

Telephone (312) 534-5000 
Established 1969 
Enrollment: 4,403 

Undergraduate 

Control: state 
Highest offering: Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and Gen' 
Professional 


Congressional District: 17 
FICE Identification: 009145 
Entity Number: 1-36-268-4803-A1 

Coed 

Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $636 
Trimester 

ral; Teacher Preparatory; 


Accreditation: HE, USA, MT 
01 President.... 

05 Prov-Vice Pres Acad Affairs.... 
10 Vice Pres for Administration... 
45 Vice Pres Instnl Resrc & Plan.. 
04 Exec Asst to the President...., 
30 Director University Relations., 
25 Assoc Vice President Research.. 
32 Dean Student Affairs Services. 
38 Assoc Dean Stdnt Development... 

07 Dir Admissions and Recruitment 

06 Registrar 

37 Director Financial Aids 

08 Director University Library. . . 

15 Director Personnel 

19 Director Public Safety 

09 Coord Institutional Research.. 
50 Dean Col Bus-Public Affairs... 
49 Dean College Arts Science..... 
66 Dir Sch Health Professions.... 
53 Dean Col Human Lrng-Oe velop. .. 
56 Dean Spec Progs cont Education 


Dr. Leo Goodman Halaouth II 

Dr. Curtis McCray 

Dr . Melvyn Freed 

Dr. Virginio Piucci 

Dr. Beverly Beeton 

Hr. William Dodd 

...... Dr. Shedrich Tillman 

Dr . Prank Borelli 

Hr. Burton Collins 

Mr. Richard Pride 

... Dc. Richard F.ainsberger 

Hr. Herbert Robinson 

Ms. Jean Singer 

Hs . Barbara clack 

Mr. Norman Love 

Mr. Alan Bennett 

Dr. Robert Milam 

Dr. Reino Hakala 

Dr. Robert Cornesky 

Dr. Roy Cogdell 

Dr. Richard Vorverk 


♦GREENVILLE COLLEGE 

315 East College, Greenville 62246 

Congressional District: 24 
County: Bona FICE Identification: 001684 

Telephone (616) 664-1840 Entity Number: 1-37-068-1530-A1 

Established 1892 Coed 

Enrollment: 868 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,805 

Affiliation: Pree Hethodist 4-1-u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teachec Preparatory; 


Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, TED 

01 President W- Richard Stephens 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Richard llclenon 

30 Vice President for Development. Robert Smith 

32 Vice Pres Student Development Delbert D. Catron 

ID Vice Pres for Business Affairs Leonard V. Keillor 

07 Director Admissions & Records Norman D. Swanson 

00 Librarian ? ay 

36 Director of Placement Services Ralph Kester 

06 Registrar K^s Fe ™ * 0Un< J 

14 Director of Data Processing Belvin Bartholomew 

29 Director of Alumni Relations John Strahl 

37 Director of Financial Aid... Miss Lois Young 

38 Director Counseling 6 Housing Thomas Morgan 


HARRINGTON INSTITUTE OF INTERIOR CESIGN 

410 S Hichigan Avenue, Chicago 60605 , , t v _ 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 029153 

Telephone (312) 939-4975 Entity Number: 1-36-248-6327-A 1 

Established 1931 1 , . . .. c 8! d 

Enrollment: 428 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,850 

Control: Organized as Profit Making semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: FIDEB 

01 President * Mr. Robert C. Macks 

06 Registrar.. . « s - J °y ce Szu ^ ot 

04 Associate Dean D ° na J; d Bur H C0 !' s 

36 Asst Dean-Director Placement Mrs. Barbara Marks 

on Mhrarian * Adeline Schuster 

37 Director of Financial Aid Barbara Leraan 

53 Director of Education Hcs - Nancy C. Los 


HEBREW THEOLOGICAL COLLEGE 

7135 H Carpenter Road, Skokie 60077 , , 

Congressional District: iu 

countv Cook FICE Identification: 001685 

Tele phone (312) 674-7750 Entity Number: 1* 36-216- 7095- A 1 

BnrollMnt: 19g 2 undergraduate Tuition and Pees * 

Affiliation: Jewish seaester 

Hiuhest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts ana General; Teacher Preparatory, 
Professional 

Accreditation: 3IC Yacant 

01 president....... ‘i>r! * Harold' P. smith 

02 Vice DC. Joseph Babad 

06 Dean and Registrar „ i h . uiiiiaa Levis 

10 AdelnistratiTe*Offic«*.*!*.*’.’l*^-* RabW Israel Fishweicher 

11 »«-»* si “ 






m 


IIIGHLA HO COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Pearl city Road, Freeport 61032 Cong ressioDal District: 16 

County: Stephenson TICE Identification: 001681 

Telephone (815) 235-6121 Entity Number: 1-36-261-6076-A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,637 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $504 
Control; State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Hfl 

01 President Dr. Joseph Piland 

in Director of Data Processing................ Hr. Charles Wolfe 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Ray Searby 

32 Dean Student Personnel service Dr. Charles Herndon 

10 Dean of Business Services..... Hr. Richard Luthin 

06 Dir Admissions and Records. Hr. Philip W. Gordon 

26 Director of College Relations Mrs. Linda Brady 

08 Librarian Br. Philip R. HcCarthy 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Larry Hucphy 

51 Dean Cont Ed and Cmty Services... Hr. Robert Baker 


ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE 

5700 College Road, Lisle 60532 Congressional District: 14 

County: Du page F3CE Identification: 001767 

Telephone (312) 968-7270 Entity Number: 1- 36-27 2- 2 1 98-A 1 

Established 1887 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,951 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,238 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessiona 1 
Accreditation: tUi 

01. chancellor- Rev. Valentine skluzacek 

03 President Dr. Richard C. Becker 

04 Executive Vice President Hr. Thooas J. Dyba 

05 Dean Faculty and Instruction........... Dr. Marvin E. Camburn 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. James R. Weinlader 

30 Vice pres Instnl Resources Hr. Valter P. Block 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Hr. John J. O'Keefe 

14 Data Center operations Manager Hs. lou Ann Hazelton 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Thomas P. Rich 

06 Registrar.... Mr. David E. Striker 

37 Director of PiDancial Aid Ms. Laura H. Day 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Bert A. Thompson 

29 Director of Alumni Hr. Gay N. Miyakawa 

27 Dir Communications 6 Marketing Mr. Gerald S. Czecak 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placement Mrs. Barbara J. Karchin 

26 Director Public Relations Ns. Barbara A. Bernhard 

10 Business Manager Mr. Charles R. Pieldstack 

45 planning Coordinator Dr. Ralph D. Meeker 

25 Director Institute Management Hr. Thomas A. Sullivan 

51 Director Continuing Education.... Mr. Horbect F. Farnaus 

58 Director Graduate Programs Mr. John E. Bber 


ILLINOIS CENTRAL COILEGE 

East Peoria 61635 Congressional District: 18 

County: Tazewell PICE identification: 006753 

Telephone (309) 694-5011 Entity Number: 1-37-009-2531- A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,050 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $384 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 fears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH, ADNOR, DU, HLTAD, PNUB, PTAA, RAD, SURGT 
0 1 • President Dr. Leon H. Perley 

09 Dir of Fub Aff 6 Instnl Res............. Mr. Hayne l. Sampson 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Mr. Samuel c. Jones 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Emil Haeflinger 

26 vice Pres for Plan ft Info Serv. Dr. Thomas Campbell 

32 Vice Pres of Student Services Mr. Glenn Roberson 

07 Dir of Admissions 6 Records Mr. Gilbert I. Baechler 

14 Director of Computer Services Hr. Bruce Fordyce 

38 Director Student Development..... Mr. Joe L. Montgomery 

08 Dir Lrng Resources center Hr. William D. lindgren 

15 Director of Personnel Services Hr. Jim Tolly 

37 Director of Student Life Hs. Lois Morris 

51 Dean of cont Ed E Caty Servs Mr. Evan Jackson 

49 Dean Liberal Arts 8 Sciences.............. Mr. Ronald Holohan 

75 Dean of Career Education Dr. Michael Svob III 


1 1 II NO IS COLLEGE 

Jacksonville 62650 
County; Morgan 
Telephone (217) 245-7126 


Congressional District: 20 
PICE Identification: 001688 
Entity Number: 1-37-066-1211-A1 


Established 1829 Coed 

Enrollment: 750 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,305 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Donald c. Mundingec 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Wallace N. Jamison 

10 Business Manager Mr. Russell H. Walton 

07 Director Adoissions-Records Hr. James M. Downer 

06 Regsti-Assoc Dean of Students Mrs. Doris B. Hopper 

08 Librarian Hr. Richard L. Pratt 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Donald R. Eldred 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hrs. Martha S. Vache 

37 Director student Financial Aid.. Mrs. Lois Hughes 

36 Director of Placement..., Dr. Richard A. Graber 

30 Director of Development Hr. Howard Jarrett 


♦ILLINOIS COLLEGE OF OPTOHETRY 


3241 S Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60616 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001689 

Telephone (312) 225-1700 Entity Number: 1- 36-231-0478-U 

Established 1672 Coed 

Enrollment: 596 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $9 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Lower Division 
Program; Professional 


Accreditation: Nil, OPT 
01 President 

05 Academic Dean 

45 Dir of Administrative Affairs. 
10 Chief Pin and Administration.. 

06 Registrar 

07 Dir Adnissions-Dean Students.. 

08 Librarian 

25 Director of Research... 

49 Chrmn Div Biological Science.. 
63 Chairman Division of Optometry 
69 Adminv Director of Clinics.... 


Dr. Alfred A. Rosenfalooi 

vacant 

Dr. Hyman S. Wadis 

... Mr. Warren D. Cuplin 
.... Mrs. Patricia stomp 

- vacant 

Hr. Peter E. Well 

.. . Dr. Michael Y. Chino 

Dr. Gary Porter 

Dr. Morris Berman 

Dr. Derrald Taylor 


ILLINOIS COLLEGE OF PODIATRIC MEDICINE 

1001 Worth Dearborn, Chicago 60610 Congressional District: 9 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001690 

Telephone (312) 280-2000 Entity Number: 1-36- 218-2(N5-Ai 

Established 1912 Coed 

Enrollment: 642 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest offering: First Professional 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: POD 

01 President Mr. John F. Briggs 

05 Vice Pres Acad 6 Clin Affairs..... DC. John Goppner 

10 Vice Pres Admin 6 Finance Mr. James Gilmactlr. 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Mr. John E. Andreva 

30 Vice President Development Mr. Steve Davis 

15 Director Personnel Ms. Barbara Haller 

06 Registrar... Hs. Constance X. Pettinger 

37 Director student Services Hs. Patricia Dachas 

08 Head Medical Librarian... Mr. Richard Klein 

27 Director Public Relations Hs. Katherine itact 


ILLINOIS EASTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 


233 E Chestnut Street, Olney 62450 

Congressional District: 22 
County: Richland PICE Identification: 009135 

Telephone (6 18) 393-2983 Entity Number: 1-37-090-6196-A1 

01 Chancellor..... Dr. James s. Spencer 

03 Asst Chanc Grants Govt Rel Ms. Diane Lutes 

05 Dean Inter-Campus Affairs Mr. Jesse H. Keyser 

25 Dean Research and Develcpment Mr. E. Kenton Peak 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Hrs. Nancy Allard 

26 Dir Sch and College Relations Mr. Oliver Shoaff 

66 Dean of Nursing Education. Mrs. Mildred Bennett 


♦ILLINOIS EASTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE FRONTIER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Rural Route 1, Fairfield 62837 Congressional District; 22 

County: Wayne FICE Identification: 029085 

Telephone (610) 842-3711 Entity Number: 1-37-090-6196-A7 

Established 1976 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,579 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $90 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 



Ill 


Illinois 


Accreditation: 3NH 

02 President... 

Ou Administrative Assistant. 

05 Dean of Instruction 

06 Registrar 

36 Dean of Student Services. 
31 Director of Financial Aid 
66 Director of Nursing 


( 


..... Hr. Richard Mason 

......... Hr. Ted Davis 

..... Hr. Donald Eonnay 

Mrs. Suzanne Winesburgh 
.... Hr. David Moreland 

Hr. Jerry Hefley 

... Hrs. Jenelle PerLov 


♦ILLINOIS FAST ER N CCHHUNITY COLLEGE LINCOLN TRAIL COLLEGE 


Route 3, Robinson 62154 Congressional District: 22 

County: Crawford FICE Identification: 009786 

Telephone (618) £44-0657 Entity Number: 1 - 37-090-6196 -A2 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,584 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (1 n-State) : 1135 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 fears 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: Mil 

02 President Vacant 

05 Dean Instr-Instn 1 Studies Dr- Levis Aukes 

08 Director of Learning Resources Hiss Juanita Martin 

32 Dean of student Services Hr. Jerry D. Carey 

04 Administrative Assistant Mr. James Benedict 

06 Registrar Mr. Jac * Vakefield 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Jackie Davis 


♦ILLINOIS EASTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE CLNEY CENTRAL COLLEGE 
305 North Nest Street, Olney 62450 

Congressional DiEtrict: 22 
County: Richland FICE Identification: 001742 

Telephone (610) 39S-4351 Entity Number: 1-37-090-6196-A3 

Established 1962 Coea 

Enrollment: 2,070 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1135 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's! 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, DA 

02 President Dr. Charles Novak 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr • Tercy Ludvig 

08 Director of Learning Resources Hr. Dennis Snelzer 

32 Dean of Student services Hr. E. L. Dosonworth 

04 Dean of. Instnl Advancement Dr. John Evans 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mrs. Beverly clow 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Don Hence 


♦ILLINOIS EASTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE WABASH VALLEY COLLEGE 

2200 College Drive, Mount Carmel 62863 

Congressional District: 22 
County.: Wabash PICE Identification: 001779 

Telephone (618) 262-8641 Entity Number: 1-37-090-6 196- A4 

Established 1960 Coea 

Enrollment: 3,235 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $135 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

02 President . ....... . Hr. John W. Gvaltney 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Richard Brauhr 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Guy C. More 

06 Dean of Records Dr * Ed Bennett 

08 Assoc Dean learning Resource He. Tony Krug 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Jia Patton 

50 Director of Business Hrs. Louise Acres 

72 Assoc Dean Technical Studies......... Hr. Ronald L. Sanderson 

53 Assoc Dean of Transfer Studies Hrs. Judy Saltsgaver 


ILLINOIS TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

506 South Wabash Avenue, Chicago 60605 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 029190 

Telephone (312) 922-9000 Entity Number: 1-36-253-3609- A 1 

Established 1950 „ 

Enrollment: 243 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 14,200 

Control: Organized as Profit Baking Other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor* 3 


Accreditation: NATTS 

01 Preside nt * Harold Rabin 

05 Dean Aminul Karim 

07 Director Student Affairs....... Hartin Lash 

10 Bursar . . Patricia Smith 

36 Student Placement...... Christine Deway 

37 Couns-Pinancial Aid Officer.. Debra Egan 


♦ILLINOIS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

3300 Federal Street, Chicago 60616 congressional District: 5 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001691 

Telephone (312) 567-3000 Entity Number: 1 -36- 127-01 35-Al 

Established 1940 c ° Gd 

Enrollment: 7, 056 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,690 

Control: Independent Nonprofit . Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, ARCH, ART, ENG, LAW 

01 President Dr. Thomas L. Hartin Jr. 

03 Exec Vice Pres and Provost.. Dr. Sidney A. Guralnick 

09 Asst Provost Instnl Research Dr. Janes R. Remillard 

10 Vies Pres for Business Affairs ... Hr. Melvin T. Tracht 

45 Vice Pres Finance 6 Treasurer Hr. Gary B . Fenner 

30 Vice Pres Development 6 Plan hr. Hark W. Bates 

06 Registrar Mrs. Harsia Edison 

07 Director of Adaissions.. Hr. William Shackelford 

32 Dean of Student Life hr. Janes V. Vice 

14 Director Information Services Mr. John E. Clohisy 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Nrs. Nancy Donoley 

36 Dir Place and Car Development Hr. Greg E. Cook 

38 Dean Stdrt Counseling Services Dr. Jctham G. Friedland 

55 Director Academic Services Mr. John T. Dygdon 

58 Dean Sch of Advanced studies Dr. Geoffrey T. Higgins 

54 Dean College of Engineering....... Dr. Donald L. Dean 

49 Dean College Sci and Letters Dr. Robert Filler 

61 Dean College of Law......... Nr. Lewis H. Collens 

50 Dean Sch of Hgnt and Pinance Dr. Albert A. Blum 

47 Dean Sch Arch Plan and Design Mr. Gerald HcSheffry 


ILLINOIS STATE UNIVERSITY 

Normal 61761 Congressional District: 21 

County: HcLean FICE Identification: 001692 

Telephone (309) 438-21 11 Entity Number: , 1- 37-60 1-4070-A 1 

Established 1B57 Coed 

Enrollment: 20,535 _ 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $871 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: RH, ART, AUD, HRA, BUS, SP, SW, TED 
01 President Dr. Lloyd 3. Watkins 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Vernon A. Adams 

05 Vice President and Provost Dr. Leon E. Boothe 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Dr. David A. Strand 

32 Vice Pras-Dean Stdnt Affairs Dr. Heal R. Gamsky 

15 Vice Pres Admin Services Dr. Charles E. Morris 

27 Director of Public Affairs Hr. Richard T. Godfrey 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Warren R. Harden 

07 Dir of Admissions and Records........ Dr. Wilbur R . Venerable 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Joe V. Kraus 

14 Dir Computer Operations Dn. Tse-Kia K. Tcheng 

25 Dir of Res Secv and Grants Dr. Robert E. HcAdan 

29 Dir Alumni Sec v-Developoe nt Mr. John M. Sayre 

37 Director of Financial Aids Ms. Glenda K. Jacks 

38 Dir Student Counseling Center Dr. Jane A. Domke 

36 Dir of Placement Service...... Hr. Packer L. Law Lis 

19 Director of Public Safety Me. John H. Newbold 

49 Dean college Arts and Sciences Dr. Charles E. Streeter 

50 Dean College Business Dc« Andrew T. Happi 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Benjamin c. Hubbard 

57 Dean College of Fine Arts Dr. Charles W. Bolen 

72 Dean Col App Sci-Technology . . . Dr. Jack E. Razor 

51 Dean of Cont Ed-Pub services Dr. Edvard T. Anderson 

58 Dean of Graduate School........ Dr. Charles A. White 


ILLINOIS VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Rural Route »1, Oglesby 6134B Congressional District: 15 

county: La Salle FICE Identification: 001705 

Telephone (815) 224-2720 Entity Number: 1-36-261-4257-A1 

Established 1966 Co0d 

Enrollment: 3,951 „ . , 

Undergraduate Tuition and Faos (In-State) : $320 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH, ADNUR, DA ... 

01 President. Dr. Aifred E. Wisgoski 

05 Dean of Instruction. Dr. Hans A. Andrews 

10 Dean of Business Services Mr. Frank Zeller 

32 Dean of Student Development.... Dr. Joe D. Zelenski 

08 Dir of Learning Resources............. Nr. Ed Anderson 

27 Director of Public Information.. Mr. William Danley 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mr. Robert Marshall 

14 Director Computer Services.. Mr. Donald Hayden 

51 Dean Adult and Cont Education Vacant 

75 Associate Dean of Career Bd. Dr. John Allen 


1XL 





I1LIN0I5 WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY 

Bloomington 61701 Congressional District! 21 

County: McLean F ICE Identification: 001696 

Telephone (309) 556-3131 Entity Number: 1-37-066-2594-A2 

Established 1050 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,667 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,380 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofess ional 

Accreditation: N H , MUS, NUR, TED 
01 President Dr. Robert 5. Eckley 

04 Assistant to the President - . Dr. Randy L. Farmer 

05 Dean of the University Dr. Wendell W. Hess 

30 Director of Development Mr. Larry M. llitner 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. James R. Ruoti 

32 Dean of students Dr. Glenn J. Svichtenberg 

10 Business Manager Mr. Philip W. Kasch 

06 Registrar Mr. Janes R. Barbour 

08 Librarian Hr. Clayton C. llighuu 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Lynn O. niche Ison 

36 Coordinator Career Education............. Hs. Kathleen Romani 

64 Director of School of Husic Dr. Charles G. Boyer 

66 Director of School of nursing.... Dr. Patricia M. Snail 

49 Director Humanities Programs Dr. Geoffrey L. Story 

50 Dir Business and Economics Dr. Robert W. Harrington 

53 Director of Teacher Education Dr. George A. Churukian 

57 Director of School of Drama .. Dr. Carole Brandt 

70 Dir Social Science programs Dr. Jerry H. Israel 

72 Director Science Programs Dr. Roger H. Schnaitter 

JOHN A . LOGAN COLLEGE 

Carterville 62918 Congressional District: 24 

County: Williamson FICE Identification: 008076 

Telephone (618) 9e5-3741 Entity Humber: 1-37-09C-5SQ4-A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,903 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $240 
Control; state/local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH 

01 President Dr. Robert E. Tarvin 

05 Dean Instructional Services Dr. Harold R. O'Nail 

10 Dean of Business Services Hr. Jim R. Bales 

06 Dean Instnl and Comaunity Serv Dr. Jack D. Hill 

45 Exec Assistant tc President.. Mr. Ray Hancock 

07 Assoc Dean Student Services Hr. Eon B. Middleton 

08 Assoc Dean Lrng Resrc serv Hr. Carl D. Cottinghan 

30 Director De valopient. Dr. Blanche C. Slcan 

51 Assoc Dean Adult Cont Ed Er. Carl M. Planinc 

75 Assoc Dean Voc-Technical Ed Mr. Robert H. Irvin 

49 Assoc DeaD Bacc Oriented Ed.... Vacant 

♦JOHN MARSHALL LAI SCHOOI 

315 S Plymouth Court, Chicago 60604 

Congressional District: 7 
county: cook FICE Identification: 001698 

Telephone (312) 427-2737 Entity Number: 1-36-237-1220-A1 

Established 1B99 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,577 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Progran: Professional 
Accreditation: LAN 

01 Dean Hr. Fred F. Herzog 

05 Associate Dean Hiss Helen H. Thatcher 

Reg istrar Mrs. Jane 0swald 

07 Admissions Director Mrs. Lynn Menaugh 

♦JOHN N00D COM MUNI I Y COLLEGE 

1919 North 18th Street, Quincy 62301 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Adams PICE Identification: 012813 

Telephone (217) 224-6500 Entity Humber: 1-42-102-7794-A1 

Established 19 74 Coed 

Enrollsent: 2,643 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $384 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears * 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Acer editation: NH 

\ President Dr. Paul F. Heath 

Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. J. Victor Hopper 

Business Manager Mr. Fobert Hilgenbrink 

Dir Hontradit ional learning Hr. Ernie cronan 


32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. James S. Selby 

37 Coord Student Financial Aid Hr. Verlyn luker 

06 Registrar... Hs. Sue E. Shelton 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Shirley Kronquist 

14 Coord of Computer Services Mr. Jack Lenon 

27 Director Information Office Mrs. Evelyn Holtschlag 

36 Director Student Placement Mr. Stephen K. Bradshav 

72 Dir of Occupational Programs.. Mr. James M . Upchurch 

47 Coord Agricultural Programs..... Mr. Larry Fischer 

66 Director Nursing Program Hs. Ruth Snider 


JOLIET JUNIOR COLLEGE 

1216 Iloubolt Avenue, Joliet 60436 Congressional District: 11 
County: Will FICE Identification: 001699 

Telephone (815) 729-9020 Entity Number: 1 -36-263-0684-A’ 

Established 1901 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,263 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $un? 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR 

01 President Dr. Derek N. Nunney 

05 Vice Pres for Instrl Services Dr. Paul N. Thompson 

45 Vice President for Planning Mr. Walter F. Zaida 

10 Vice Pres for Adminv Services Vacant 

15 Dean of Personnel Mr. Robert E. Glenn 

06 Registrar Mr. Stephen J . Muller 

38 Associate Dean of Counseling Dr. Carolyn Engecs 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. Ronald Bleed 

37 Director Financial Aids Mr. Hark llolysz 

26 Director Community Relations Ms. Otilia Giron 

09 Coordinator Research 6 Grants Dr. John M. Peterson Jr. 

36 Placement Coordinator Ms. Cynthia Frierson 

32 Coordinator Student Affairs Mr. Henry Pillard 

29 Secretary of Alumni Affairs Ms. Sheila Sasso 

08 Dean Learning Resource Center Mr. Richard R. BrandoLino 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Daniel C. Krezenski 

72 Dean of Career Education Mr. Maynard Boudreau 

♦ JUDSON COLLEGE 

Elgin 60120 Congressional District: 13 

County: Kane PICE Identification: 001700 

Telephone (312) 695-2500 Entity Number: 1-36-251-5868-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 486 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,260 

Affiliation: American Baptist , Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NU 

01 President Harm A. Weber 

05 Dean of the College Edgar H . Boss 

32 Dean of Students James W. Didier 

10 Business Manager Daryl Richmond 

30 Vice Pres De velop-Public Rel Harold Blatt 

07 Director of Admissions Wendell Webster 

06 Registrar Lois R . Warner 

08 Librarian Donald Peterson 


♦KANKAKEE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 808, Kankakee 60901 Congressional District: 17 

County: Kankakee FICE Identification: 007690 

Telephone (815) 933-0345 Entity Number: 1-36-261-2340-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,650 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *384 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, RAD, RSTHT 

0 1 President Dr. Lilburn H. Horton 

10 Vice Pres Bus Aff-Instnl Plan Mr. Writesman Long 

05 Vice Pres Acad Prog 6 Services Dr. Larry D, Huffman 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Paul L. O'Connor 

09 Dir instnl Research-Planning Mr. Richard J. Frey 

27 Dir of Public Information Mrs. Judith D. Iacuzzi 

30 Dir Punds Devalop-Extnl Aff Mr. Marshall E. Marlin 

37 Dir Finan Aids and Placement.. Mr. Thomas D. Dolligec 

38 Director of Counseling Mr. Donald E. Jaaes 

36 Director of Testing Programs Mr. Albert c. Widhalo 

07 Dir of Admissions and Records Mr. Maurice H. Manuel 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. David L. Ferris 

75 Asst Dean Industry Relations. Mr. George ?, Kreider 



+ KASKASKIA COLLEGE 


KNOX COLLEGE 


Shat tuc Road , Contralia 6280 1 Congressional District: 2<i 

Ccuntv: Harion EICE Identification: 001701 

Telephone (6 16) 522-1901 Entity Nuobar: 1- 37-089-2 167-A1 

Esta fllshed 1940 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,581 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(I r.-State) : Jj 30 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Uighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, 8DA, BAD 

01 President &c - Paul l ’ Blo ' ,ers 

05 Dean of instruction Hr. Virgil I. Sclerjach 

07 Dir Administration £ Records He. Dan Schcoeder 

10 Doan Administrative services He. Duane Kessler 

32 Dean of Student Services He- Janes Hooper 

75 Asst President Special Program Hr. pa “ i n K f 111 ? 

03 Director of Learning Resources Hr. Jack DuhaseK 

04 Assistant to the President Hrs. Marilyn Brookaan 

09 Dir institutional Research He. Dale Mussel man 

14 Director Computer Center Hr. Gerard Bohlaann 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr * , 

51 Assoc Doan Ext Cnty Services Hr. Lowell Phillips 

66 Director of Nursing Mrs. Margaret Bradshaw 

KELLER GRADUATE SC1JC0L OF MANAGEMENT 
10 5 Riverside Plaza, Chicago 60606 

Congressional District: 7 
county: Cook FICE Identification: 029066 

Telephone (312) 454-0080 Entity Number: 1-36-278- 1902-A1 

Established 19 73 J , . „ Co !“ 

Enroll nent: 902 Undergraduate Tuition and Rees: so 

Control: Organized as Profit Haking Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Hr - tennis 

03 Exec Vice President and Dean Mr. Ronald L. Tayior 

05 Academic Dean °r. Patrick 1. Ha/e^s 

06 Registrar Ms. Katherine N. Cheney 

07 Director of Admissions ft. John O. Skubiak 

36 Director of Placement Hr. John G. Schutz 

KENDALL COLLEGE 

24C8 Orcington Avenue, Evanston 60201 , , , „ 

Congressional District: 10 
County: cook FICE Identification: 001703 

Telephone (312) 066-1300 Entity Number: 1-36-217-0142-A1 

Established 1934 J J , _- C ®®* 

Enrollment: 43 8 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *3,234 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: NH , „ „ .. 

01 President Dr. Andrew N. Cothran 

05 Vice Pres Acaa Administration Dr. Richacd P. Soter 

32 Dean of Students Hr* fred Oskin 

10 Comptroller Hrs. Joanna Vanderliast 

0B Librarian Hrs. Judith Ream 

06 Registrar, Hrs. Lorraine Maloney 

07 Dir of Admls and Financial Aid Hr. Michael Alexander 

15 Director of Personnel servic.es Mrs. Loretta c. Willemaln 

29 Vice Pres Develop 6 Col Suppt Dr. Robert G. Poor 

KISHNAUKEB COLLEGE 

Malta 60150 Congressional District: 15 

County: Be Kalb FICE Identification: 007684 

Telephone (815) 825-2086 Entity Nuaber: 1-36-261-0920-A1 

Established 1967 Coad 

Enrollnent: 2,880 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (3 n-State) : *506 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, RAD 

01 President Dr - N° E * an 1. Jenkins 

04 Administrative Dean * Dr. David Louis 

05 Dean of Instruction ME ‘ Donald P. Higgs 

10 Business Manager, Hr. Harold C. Flanigan 

32 Dean of Student Services... «• Hr. Larry G. Apperson 

08 Librarian..., Mrs. Patsy K. Lundberg 

06 Registrar. Me- Joseph J. Reabusch 

14 Director Data Processing.... Hr. Michael liszka 

51 Dean of Cosnunity Ed-Services Ms. Judith KrajevsKi 


Galesburg 61401 Congressional District: 13 

County: Knox fICE Identification: 001704 

Telephone (309) 343-0112 Entity Hub bet: 1 -37-067 - 35 1 3 -A * 

Established 1837 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,0 20 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *4,850 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, TED 

01 President Inman Pox 

05 Dean of the College Hary X. Eysenbach 

10 Vice President for Finance Lawrence R . Larson 

30 Vice President Development Ronald L. Streibich 

06 Registrar Harry Heuniller Jr. 

07 Director of Admissions David C. Tilley 

08 Librarian * Douglas L. Wilson 

36 Director of placement Services Thomas B. HcKune 

32 Dean of Students Jack Fitzgerald 

14 Director of Computer Center. William C. Pippergeu 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Charles R. Carothers 


LAKE FOREST COLLEGE 

Lake Forest 60045 Congressional District: 13 

County Lake FICE Identification: 001706 

Telephone (312) 234-3100 Entity Number: 1-36-216-7770-A ' 

Established 1057 , „ cr c °®„ 

Enrollment: 1,060 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: Fj,240 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest offering: Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: NH _ „ . TTT 

01 President Dr. Eugene Hotchkiss III 

04 Asst to Pres-Dir Finnn Aid dr. Gordon E. “Hite 

05 Dean of Faculty Dr. Bailey L. Donnally 

10 Vice president of Uusiness Nr. Theodore R. Carlus 

30 Vice President for Development Ht. Terry Gibson 

32 Dean of Students • • "r* 

07 Director of Admissions Nr. Francis B. Guanece 

no librarian Hr. Arthur tl. Killer Jr. 

J! Kaiitrlr I I !!*!!. !.! Hiss ethane I. B*PP 

29 Director Alumni Relations * t6 i . Su * an "® 

36 Dir Couns Psychological Serv.. Dr. 

14 Director Computing Activities. * Dr. Michael D. Davis 

15 Asst Vice President Business Hrs. Leslie T. Chapaan 


+ LAKE FOREST SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT 


Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 029244 
Entity Number: -- 


Lake Forest 60045 
County: Lake 
Telephone 

Enrollmontf 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: JO 

control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest offering: 
prograo: 

Accreditation: HU 


♦LAKE LAUD COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 22 
FICE Identification: 007644 
Entity Number S 1 -37-089-6233-A'’ 

Coed 


Kattoon 61930 
County: Coles 
Telephone (217) 235-3131 
Established 1966 

Enrollnent. , undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $580 
control! State/Local Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 


Accreditation: NH, DA, OH, PHUR 











06 

32 







14 


.... Mr. Donald A. Stuckey 


Dr. Richard Jackson 

55 





49 






LEWIS AND CLARK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Godfrey 62035 
County: Maaison 
TelsnhntiG (618) 466-3411 


Congressional District: 20 
FICE Identification; 010020 
vnt-lt-v Number: 1-37-Q91-9339-A2 



muau. 


114 


Zata tl ished 1970 Coed 

Enrollment: 5, 402 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : *472 
Control: State/Local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation; NH, ABHOR, BA, DT, HLTAD 
01 President Hr. Wilbur R. 1. Triape 

05 Dean Instructional Service Dr. Clarence Van Hoy 

10 Business Ha eager Hr. Charles E. Rayborn 

06 Registrar Hiss Constance llerink 

07 Director of Admissions Hrs. Louise Coviello 

08 Librarian Hrs. Beverly II. iiunpheies 

32 Dean of Student Services.. Mr. Terry H. Cross 

26 Director Community Relations Hrs. Valerie Lampe 

37 Director of Pinancial Aids Hr. George G. Terry 

10 Director of Data Processing.. Hr. Richard J. Dixon 

30 Dean of Instnl Development Dr. Joseph R. Pukach 

IS Director of Personnel Services Mr. Don C. Gilkison 

36 Director of Counseling....... Hr. Jerry G. Oliver 

+LEVIS UNIVERSITY 

Roteoville 60441 Congressional District: 17 

County: Hill FICE Identification: 001707 

Telephone (815) 838-0500 Entity Number: 1-36-2 16-7773-A1 

Established 1934 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,788 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,810 

Control: Independent nonprofit Senester 

jlighest offering: Haster's 

'Prograa: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, N UR 

01 President.. Dr. Paul Whelan 

04 Assistant to the President Vacant 

05. Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. David Curtis 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. Raymond Kiefer 

30 Asst to the Pres-lnstl Advmnt Dr. Richard De Graff 

14 Cca filter Liaison Bro. Bertrand Juettner 

33 Dean of Student Services Dr. Paul Kaiser 

36 Dir Acad Car Eevelop Center Hr. Howard Hayward 

07 Director of Adnissions Hr. Ralph Hiller 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Bro. Janes Cantwell 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Diana Weigel 

09 Dir Institutional Research. Hrs. Sharon Hull 

15 Director of Personnel Hrs. Pamela Hott 

19 Director of Protective Service Hr. Lou Korilko 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Russell Fackas 

26 Director of Public Selaticns Hr. William Uankla 

08 Librarian Hr. P.ichara Tubesing 

06 Registrar Hr. Robert Kempiak 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Bro. Raphael Kascari 

50 Dea n College cf Business. Dr. Kevin Spiess 

51 Director Continuing Education Hr. Janes Bond 

66 Dean College of Nursing..... Dr. Kathleen Fenner 


LINCOLN CHRISTIAN CCL1EGE 


Licit St and Route 10, LincolD 62656 

Congressional District: 21 
County: Logan FICE Identification: 001708 

Telephone (217) 732-3160 Entity Nunber: 1-37-07 1-1798-A1 

Established 19 44 Coed 

Enrollaent: 636 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,958 

Affiliation: Churches of Christ Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Haster's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: Bl 

01 President Nr. John P. Hasty 

10 Business Manager Hr. Larry Simonson 

06- Registrar Hr. Alan V. Kline 

0& Librarian Hr. Thomas Tanner 

32 Dean of Students. Hr. Thonas Evald 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Charles Wogaon 

05 Dean of Undergraduate School... Hr. Rondal Saith 

27 Dir Adnissions Information . . Hrs. Patsy Wilson 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Jack A. Getchel 

30 Director of Devalopnent Hr. jean P. Reaves 

73 Acadenic Lean of the Seninary Hr. Wayne Shaw 


LINCOLN COLLEGE 

300 Keokuk Street, Lincoln 62656 Congressional District: 21 
County: Logan PICE Identification: 001709 

Telephone (217) 732-3155 Entity Humber: 1-37-066-1227-A1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollaent: 769 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seae3ter 

Hxghest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Acer editation: NH 


01 President 

05 Dean of the Faculty 

1 0 Comptroller 

15 Dean of Administration 

07 Director of Admissions 

32 Director of. Student Services 

30 Director of Development 

57 Director of Fine Arts 


. .. Dr. Dale R. Bruoaet 

Dr. San Redding 

... Ms. Jeanne Pokorski 
. Dr. J. Michael Bowers 
... Hs. Mary Hclaughlin 
Ms. Hary Kay Huddleston 
. .. He. David Hawkinson 
. . Hs. Concetta Dilillo 


LINCOLN LAND COMHUNITY COLLEGE 

Shepherd Road, Springfield 62706 Congressional District: 20 
County: Sangamon FICE Identification: 007170 

Telephone (217) 786-2200 Entity Number: 1 -37-090-096Q-A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrolment: 6,071 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $373 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yaar 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, RAD, RSTH 

01 President Dr. Robert L. Pooraan 

10 Vice Pres Business Services..... Hr. Dean V. Kessler 

32 Vice Pres student Services Mr. James c. Forstall 

05 Vice Pres Academic Services Dr. David V. Schultz 


LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO 


020 N Hichigan Avenue, Chicago 60611 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 0017(0 

Telephone (312) 670-3000 Entity Number: 1-36- 140-B475-A ( 

Established 1870 Coed 

Enrollment: 14,909 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $3,300 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, BUS, CLPSY, DA, DENT , Dll, LAW, MED, HUIt, 

SW, TED, TIIEOL 

01 President Rev. Raymond C. Baunhact 

30 Chancellor Rev. John II. Roinke 

02 Provost-Medical Center Dr. Richard A. Matte 

05 Vice President-Dean Faculties Dr. Ronald E. Walker 

04 vice Pres-Asst to President Dr. James D. Barry 

10 Vice President Finance Hr. Karl Zeiftler 

32 Vice Pres-Dean Students Miss Mariette le Blanc 

26 Vice President Administration Mr. John F. Langdon 

15 Vice President Personnel.... Mr. William P. V-ilsh 

45 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Pregrams Dr. Alice B. Mayor, 

25 Dir Univ Research Services Dr. Thomas J. Bennett 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Robert Ennen 

06 Dir Registrations and Records Mr. George A. liostect 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John W. Christian 

37 Director student Financial Aid Mr, James G. Dwyor 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Martin J. Lane 

36 Director Placement Bureau Mr. Irvin l. Harek 

38 Dir Student Counsel Service Dr. Daniel F. Barnes 

71 Dir Correspondence Study.... Dr. Ruth F.. HcGuqan 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Robert L. Monks 

55 Dean of University college Dr. Henry R. Malecki 

49 Dean of Arts and sciences Rev. Lawrence J. Blondi 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Donald G. Heyci 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Gerald L. Gutok 

61 Dean School of Law Mr. Charles W. Murdock 

66 Dean School of Nursing Dr. Julia A. Lane 

70 Dean School of Social Work Dr. Charles T. a'Beilly 

73 Dean Jesuit School Theology Rev. John Begley 

63 Dean Medical School Dr. Clarence H. PgIbb 

52 Dean Dental School Dr. Raffaele Suriono 

56 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Francis J. Catania 


♦LUTHERAN SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY AT CHICAGO 
1100 East 55th Street, Chicago 60615 

Ccngressional District: ? 
county: Cook PICE identification: 0017(2 

Telephone (312) 667-3500 Entity Number: 1-36- 224-6704- A 1 

Established 1860 Coed 

Enrollment: 246 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees! $0 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church in America Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 President-Business Manager..... Dr. William E. Lasher 

05 Academic Dean............ p t , Franklin Shaman 

32 Dean of Students.. .......... Hiss Jean Bozeman 

06 Registrar 6 Admissions Officer Ms. Lori Gingoi 

08 Director of the Library Rev. Lovell c. Alba© 

30 Director of Development.. Donvan Pelaquist 

51 Director Continuing Education........... or. Robert I. Tobias 

58 Director of Graduate Studies Phillip Kesaer 



115 


ILLINOIS 


♦•HACCORHAC COLLEGE 

327 South Lasalle Street, Chicago 60604 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001716 

Tela phone (312) 922-1805 Entity Number: 1-36-250-1 093- A1 

Established 1904 

Enrollment: 404 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees: $2,325 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH 

01 president Hr- Gordon C. Borchardt 

10 Vice President Ms. Maty E. Alans 

07 Director of Admissions Vacant 

OB Librarian Mrs. Marilyn L. Luebbing 

37 Financial Aid Officer..., Mr. Kenneth 11. Dushek 

05 Chief Academic Officer Hiss Mary Ann Annatti 

36 Placement Officer Mrs* Doris S. Neuman 

32 Director of student Services Hr. Alan B. Solid 

30 Chief Development Officer Hr. Hare Cutright 


HCHEHRY COUNTY COLLEGE 

Route 14 and Lucas Road, Crystal bale 60014 

Congressional District: 1-* 
County: McHenry TICS Identification: 00769’ 

Telephone (015) 455-3700 Entity Number: 1-36- 264-0702-A1 

Established 1967 Co * a 

Enrollment: 3,235 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : Stno 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 years 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Bo 1-ow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: HH 

01 President Koberl c. Eartlett 

05 Dean of Instruction Richard H. Fuhler 

32 Asst Dean Student Services John J. Adelmann 

06 Dir Learning Resources Center I * 

10 Dean of Admin Services.... Pa" 1 Dobbins 

14 Director of Data Processing Donald Bean 

13 Dir Management Information . Darla D. Trimble 

45 Assoc Dean Plan Development * « • • Michael Lawrence 


♦HACHURRAY COLLEGE 

East College Avenue, Jacksonville 62650 

Congressional District: 20 
county: Morgan FICE Identification: 001717 

Telephone (217) 245-6151 Entity Humber: 1 - 37-0 66-12 17-A 1 

Established 1046 C °™ 

'Enrollment: 686 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,470 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, MUS 

01 President Dr. John J. Hi t ti ch 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Andrew R. Eickhoff 

10 Business Manager Hr. Nolfgang llertveck 

30 Director of Development Hr. Robert L. Johnson 

06 Registrar Dr. Ruth A. Brookhart 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles B. Wharton 

08 Librarian Hr. James J. Fcancie 

32 Dean Stdnts and Financial Aid Mr. E. James Potty 

2? Director Information Services... Mrs. Nancy 1. Ladd 

29 Alumni Secretary Mrs. June Heece 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. James L. Schurter 

30 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Phoebe E. Wilkins 

36 Dir Field Bxprience-Placement Mrs. Mary Jean McGuire 

MAILINCKR0DT COLLEGE 

1041 Ridge Road, Wilmette 60091 congressional District: 10 
county: Cook F3CE Identification: 001718 

Telephone (312) 256-1094 Entity Number: 1-36-270-0753-A1 

Established 1918 Cm* 

Enrollment: 233 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,600 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ram: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

Q1 President Sr. H. Marcella Ripper 

05 Academic Dean - Dc * Bonn Weaver 

06 Librarian St- Edith stieber 

07 Admissions Officer Sr. Celestene Hoedel 

10 Chief Business Officer Sr. Elizabeth Ann Buscher 

06 Registrar . sc. Marianne schwer 

26 Public Relations Officer Mr. Buddy Black 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Sr. Cletus Sesterh6nn 

38 Director of Student Counseling Mr. John Jurowicz 

30 Director of Development ... Sr. Mary clement Eiden 

61 Director of Paralegal Dr. Frank Keating 

MCCORMICK THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

5555 South Woodlavn Ave, Chicago 60637 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Cook F1CE Identification: 001721 

Telephone (312) 241-7800 Entity Number: 1-36-2H-7802-A1 

Established 1829 CoQ * 

Enrollment: 692 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $0 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: III E0L 

01 President......... Dr. Jack L. Stotts 

05 Dean Dr. lewis S. Hudge 

06 Registrar Ms. Shirley S. Dudley 

07 Director of Admissions Dr* Peter Bower 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs.. ..... Mr. Anthony 7. Ruger 

32 Dean of student life, * Vacant 

09 Librarian............ Ms. Elvire R. Hilgert 

30 Vice Pres Seminary Relations DC. Raymond A. Bowden 


+HCKEN0REE COLLEGE 

Lebanon 62254 Congressional District: 23 

County: Saint Clair FICE Identification: 001722 

Telephone (6 18) 537-4481 Entity Number: 1-37-066- 12 19-A1 

Established 1828 j 

Enrollment: 7B9 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2, >60 

Affiliation: United Hethodist • 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and Generali Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH . . . 

01 President Dr. Gartit Tenbrink 

05 Dean of the College . . Dr. Dwight l. '^"9 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. Bernard VeLzen 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Hr. Gary Smith 

30 Vice president for Development Dr, Reed M. Stewart 

07 Director of Admissions 2. Mr. Danial B. Baker 

06 neoistrar Dr, Larry W. Yeatec 

08 Librarian Hlas Helen E. Gilbert 

37 Financial Aids officer Hr. A. J. Rood.. 

M BA DV I LIE- LCMBA RE THEOLOGICAL SCHOOL' 

5701 Woodlavn Avenue, Chicago 60637 , 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Cook PICK Identification: 001723 

Telephone (312) 753-319S Entity Humber: 1-36-216-7783-A1 

Established 1U44 , . . _ Coed 

Enrollment: 22 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 50 

Affiliation: Unitarian Universalist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No. undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: TI1EOL 

01 Exec Officer and Academic Dean Dr. Gene Reeves 

03 Executive Administrator..... Dc. Mason F. McGinness 

08 Librarian R0V - Ho J; 1 Gardes 

30 Development Officer Mr. Bonn G. Marcussen 

07 Dean of Students Rev * Neil 11 • Shadle 

♦HIDSTATE COLLEGE 

244 s V Jefferson, Peoria 61602 Congressional District: 18 
county: Peoria FICE Identification: 004560 

Telephone (309) 673-6365 Entity Number: 1-37-081-0324- A1 

Established 1088 

Enrollment: 291 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees: $1,930 

Control: organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograo: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: 3NH, ORCB , _ 

01 President - »* ^ch 

03 Executive vice President.... Arline Bunch 

32 Dean of Students . .... .. Roland Harrison 

07 Director of Admissions............ David Currig 

37 Bookkeeper Sue Farraher 

36 Executive Secretary Janice Keefer 

MIDWEST COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING 

440 S Finley Rd, Lombard 60148 Congressional District: i« 

County: Du Page FICE Identification: 010919 

Telephone (312) 627-6850 Entity Hunber: 1 -36- 264-2748-A 1 

Established 1967 

Enrollment: 200 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,600 

Control: independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master’s 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; professional 
Accreditation: NH 



ij-iijiors. 


116 


01 President...... 

10 Business Manager-Treasurer. 

06 Registrar..., - 

08 Librarian...... 

30 Development Manager 

05 Dean Undergraduate Division 
58 Dean Graduate Division 


. . . Dr. Alva c. Todd 
.. Mrs. Mary E. Todd 
. Mrs. Marie C. Piet 
. Mrs. Margot Fruehe 
Mr. John T. Williams 
. Mr. Albert Budlong 
. . Dr. Wolfgang Koch 


MILLION UNIVERSITY 

1104 West Main Street, Decatur 62522 

Congressional District: 21 
County; Macon FICE Identification: 001724 

Telephone (217) 424-6211 Entity Humber: 1-37-070-61 5« -A1 

Established 1901 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,489 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,925 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U. S. A. 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 year Baccalaureate 
Progcaa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess tonal 
Accreditation: NH, HUS 

01 President Dr. J. Roger Miller 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.... Dr. C. Richard Decker 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. Wayne W. Krovs 

10 Vice Pres for Fiean Affairs Mr. C. Kenneth Broun 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. Joseph Houston 

07 Dean of Admissions and Records.. Mr. Jack C. Allen 

06 Reg ist rar • ■ •••• - • Dr. Janes R. Olson 

1 4 Director of Computer Center....... Dr. John D. Arrison 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mrs. Peggy S. Luy 

37 Director Student Financial Aid....... Mr. Michael Pope 

08 Director of the Library Dr. Charles E. Hale 

27 Dir of Public Infornation Mr. Reginald fl. Syrcle 

36 Dir Career tevelop-Placenent Mr. Terry 1. Myers 

U9 Dean of Arts and Sciences Mr. Gerald A. Radford 

50 Dean Bus-Industl Management Mr. Richard A. Maonweiler 

64 Dean of Music Dr. Helvyn 1. Raiiian 

71 Dean of Special Programs Dr. William D. levis 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Mary D. Shanks 


H0NBCUTH CCLLEGE 


700 East Broadway , Monmouth 61462 Congressional District: 19 
County: Warren PICE Identification: 001 725 

Telephone (309) 457-2311 Entity Number: 1-37-066-1228-A1 

Established 1853 Coed 

Enrollment: 694 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,930 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HD 

01 President.... Dr. Bruce Haywood 

05 Dean of the College Dr. William o. Any 

10 Director Finance and Business Dr. Donald L. Wills 

06 Registrar Dr. Milton L. Bowman 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John Fettig 

08 Librarian Nr. Harris R. Hauge 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Elvood Dali 

29 Dir Alumni-Parent Relations Mrs. Kathy A. Hultgren 

37 Director of Student Aid...... Mr. Robert J. Andersen 

27 Director of Communications...... Hr. Richard Perry 

15 Director of Perscnnel Mr. John R. Darrah 

30 Director of Development Dr. Thomas Conrad 

71 Director of Summer Session Dr. Stafford Weeks 


♦MOODY BIBLE INSTITUTE 

820 North Lasalle Street, Chicago 60610 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001727 

Telephone (312) 329-4000 Entity Number: 1 -36-216-7792-A1 

Established 1886 Coed 

Enrollnent: 1,363 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Coot col: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: BI 

81 President. 

03 Executive Vice President...... 

05 Vice Pres and Dean Education.. 

10 Vice President and Treasurer.. 

30 Vice Pres for Development...,. 

32 Dean of Students..,.,........,. 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions. 

08 Librarian. 

55 Director of the Evening School 


MORAINE VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

10900 South 88th Avenue, Palos Hills 604 65 

Congressional District: 4 


. Dr. George Sweeting 
Hr. Donald E. Hescott 
... Du. Alfred Martin 
. Mr. lovell L. Kline 
Mr. Brandt Gustavson 
Rev. Robert V. Irvin 

Hr. Roy Shervy 

Mr., Richard G. Schock 
.. Rev. Allyn K. Sloat 


County: Cook FICE Identification: 007692 

Telephone (312) 974-4300 Entity Humber: 1-36-2&1-4971-A' 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,973 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $540 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HH, ADNUR, MLTAD, MRT, RAD, RSTH, ESTHT, SURGT 

01 President Dr. James D. Koeller 

10 Business Manager Mr. Donald J. Hanning 

05 Vice President for Instruction Dr. Byron E. Kee 

32 Vice Pres Stant Develop Serv Dr. Philip C. Theodorou 

07 Dean Admissions-Records Mr. George G. Hunley 

08 Dean Learning Resources Center Miss Vicky 8, Smith 

14 Director Information Systems Ms. Rut.h A. Cole 

37 Dir Financial Aid-Placement Mrs. Elizabeth C. Stiles 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Mary K. Baratta 

19 Director Safety and Security Mr. John Durian 

27 Director Public Information Mrs. Mary NeLson 


♦MORRISON INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

P 0 Box 410, Morrison 61270 Congressional District: '9 

County: White Side FICE Identification: 008080 

Telephone (815) 772-7210 Entity Number: 1-36-264-7376-At 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 194 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,485 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: ENGT 

01 President., Mr. Richard C. Parkinson 

10 Chairman of the Board Dr. Albert Odey 

06 Registrar Mrs. 'Emma Schioeder 

03 Exec Vice Pres Financial Aid Mr. Arlinn E. Rambo 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Hr. Don 0. Vandercreek 

07 Director of Admissions Cr. Dale W. Triope 


HORTON COLLEGE 


3801 South Central Avenue, Cicero 60650 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001726 

Telephone (312) 656-8000 Entity Number: 1- 36- 26 1-5274-A1 

Established 1924 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,305 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) s 5U50 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, DA, PTAA 

01 President Dr. Vincent A. Guarna 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Mr. Charles P. Ferro 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Dr. Robert J. English 

06 Dir Adnissions and Records... Mr. John It. Ladd 

08 Dir Learning Resources Center.......... Mrs. Martha C. Kimble 

14 Director of Data Center Mr. Terrance Fucek 

32 Dean of student Affairs Dr. Robert V. Moriarity 

26 Director of Public Information Mr. Michael C, Truppa 

36 Asst Dean student Affairs.. Mr. Lawrence G. Apperson 

15 Dir Institutional Services. Mr. Dan C. Ilochstetteu 

51 Asst Dean Cont Ed C Caty Serv.... Mr. Les Schlembach 

49 Asst Dean of Transfer Studies............. Dr. Robert Ericson 

75 Asst Dean of Career Education Hr. Michael Ward 


MUNDELEIN COLLEGE 

6363 North Sheridan Road, Chicago 60660 

congressional District: 9 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001731 

Telephdne (312) 262-8100 Entity Number: 1-36-2 17-9799-A 1 

Established 1929 Women 

Enrollment: 1,463 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,405 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program; Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President..., Dr. Susan Rink 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Mary Pat Haley 

25 Director Governuent Relations.... Dr. Margaret H9aly 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Judy Farmer 

3 7 Director of Financial Aid Sr. Julia Clare Greene 

OB Librarian-Dir Lrng Resrc ctr. Mr. Edmund Przybylski 

07 Director of Admissions...;.,.... Ms. Betty Miller 

06 Registrar................................. Dr. Stuart Goldman 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs. Sr. Mary Breslin 

30 vice President for Development. Mr. Daniel Cahill 

26 Director Public Relations.... Ms. . Bona Frankfort 

29 Director Alumni Relations..... Mrs. Rosemary Laraon 

36 Director Career Services. Ms. Karen O'Neil 



117 


ILLINOIS 


NATIONAL COLLEGE OF CHIRCERACTIC 

200 E Roosevelt Read, Lombard 60148 

Congressional District: 14 
County: Du Page FICE Identification: 001732 

Tela phone (312) 629-2000 Entity Number: 1-3G-152-1 940-A1 

Established 1906 

Enrollment: 1,001 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,200 

Control: Independent Monprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Lower Division 
Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: SNH, CIURC 

01 President - Dr ; Joseph danse 

10 vice president Dr. Leonard E. .ay 

06 Academic Dean Dr. Jacob Fisher 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Ronald P. Beideman 

06 Registrar Ms. Lola stovell 

08 Librarian »*■ Patricia B. Brown 

15 Chief Clinics Staff Dr. Killian F. Haber 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Chester C. stovell 

30 comptroller Hr. Fred J. Hough 

51 Dean Postgraduate Education Dr. Paul A. Jaskoviak 

NATIONAL COLLEGE OP EDUCATION 
♦ CENTRAL OFFICE 

284Q Sheridan Road, Evanston 60201 , . x x .. 

Congressional District: HI 
county: Cook FICE Identification: 010268 

Telephone (312) 256-5150 Entity Number: 1-36-21 6-7804- A1 

M President Dr. Orley R. Herron 

►NATIONA1 COLLEGE 01 EDUCATION HAIN CAKPUS 
2840 Sheridan Road, Evanston 60201 

Congressional District: 10 
County: cook FICE Identification: 001733 

Telephone (312) 256-5150 Entity Number: 1-36-216-7804-A1 

Established 1886 c °* a 

Enrollment: 1,202 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,200 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Cr. Glenn Heck 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. John J. Murphy 

30 Director of Development Mr. Douglas Paul 

•45 Vice Pres for Instnl Advmnt Dr. Glenn B. Heck 

32 Acting Dean for student Life Dr. Edward A. Risinger 

0B Director Learning Resources Mr. E. Arthur Stunard 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Gail Strauss 

06 Registrar Mrs. Betty L ; Burns 

13 Manager of Eata Processing • • Ms. Joan Collins 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Robert D. Hartman 

37 Director Financial Assistance Mr. Jack Gedge 

27 Director of Publications . Mrs. Ann C. Styer 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mrs. Rita Galowich 

09 Asst to Pres-Dir Instnl stdies Cr. J. Edward sturch 

58 Bean of the Graduate School Dr. Darrell Bloom 

49 Dean of Undergraduate School, Er. Edward A. Risinger Jr. 

51 Bean of Continuing Studies Dr. William P. Robinson 


NORTH CENTRAL COLLEGE 

30 North Brainard Street, Naperville 60540 

Congressional District: m 
County: Du Page F ICE Identification: 001734 

Telephone (312) 420-3400 Entity Number: 1- 36-216-9 1 57- u 

Established 1B61 . 

Enrollment: 1,110 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,360 

Affiliation: United Methodist Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Hit 

01 President Gael D. Swing 

05 Vice Pres Acad Atf & Dean Fac Dr. James A. Taylor 

10 vice Pres Admin & Bus Affairs...... Hr. James E. Osborn 

45 Dir Finan Oper C Comptroller Mr. Paul H. Loscheidec 

30 Vice President of Development Hr. Ronald E . Guenther 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Roger A. Krahn 

06 Registrar... » ES - Shirley B. Haines 

08 Acting Director of the Library Hrs. Harriet Arklie 

07 Director of Admission Mr. Lloyd Krunlauf 

26 Director of Public Relations.. Mr. Janas R. Doody 

27 Publicity Director..... Rc * Marvin E. Heinz 

29 Director of Aluoni Relations Miss Janette Allan 

36 Dir Car Planning l Placement Hr. John Bradarich 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Miss Christina Gatlin 

3B Director of Student Counseling....... Miss Margrethe Williams 

51 Vice Pres Cont Ed C Spec Prog.... Mr. Fichard .1. Lume 

NORTHEASTERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY 

5500 N Saint Louis Avenue, Chicago 60625 

Congressional District: >' 
County cook PICE Identification: 001693 

Telephone (312) 583-4050 Entity Number: 1-36-600-9515-A1 

Established 1961 Co9(1 

Enrollment. 05 06 * * 09 l0 '° Undei; g ra d Uat e Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $740 
control: State Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory, 
Professional 

Accreditation; Nil, ILAH, TED ul11 . __ 

01 President Dr. Ronala Williatas 

04 Exec Asst to the President Hr. °tis 

10 Vice President Adminv Affairs Dr. William II. Lienemann 

30 Vice Pres Develop-Puh Affairs Mr. Donn H. Bichsel 

32 Vice president Student Affairs Dr. Daniel C. Kielson 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Dr- Fric D. Moch 

08 Univ Lib and Dir Lrng Services »c. Melvin R. George 

09 Dir Instnl Studies S Planning ••• Dr.: Bruce Bullis 

15 Personnel Director 

25 Dir Research and Development Dr. Bob«ct A . 

27 Director University Relations Mr. Richard Ka.schk- 

29 Exec Director Alumni AffaLrs Ms. Patricia A. Szymczak 

36 Director Career Secvices. .......... . Ms. Valerie Gallagher 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. George A. Vest 

38 Director University Counseling....... Ms. Barbara A. Behrendt 

50 Dean of the Graduate college.. Dr - 

53 Dean College Education Dr. *hned A. Farced 

49 Dean College Arts 6 Sciences Dr. .rank w. Dobbs 

51 Coord Pield C Cont Education Ms. Joan Macftia 

56 Dean Cen Program Dovelcpment Dc. 

68 Coordinator Physical Education Mr. Edward Huell.r 


♦NATIONAL COLLEGE OF EDUCATION URBAN CAMPUS 
IB S Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60603 

Congressional District; 7 
County: Cook F1CE identification: 001743 

Telephone (312) 621-9650 Entity Number: 1 -36-23 9-2505-A1 

Established 1896 Coed 

Enrollment: 208 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,450 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

02 Director Dr. lacy Hall 


♦ NATIVE AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL SERVICES , 

0550 N Heraitage Street, Chicago 60640 . 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Cook FICB Identification: 029135 

Telephone (312) 728-1662 Entity Number: 1- 23-737-6855-A1 

Established 1974 ■ c ®*“ 

Enrollment: 60 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,000 

Control: independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: 3NB . 

01 President.................... Faith Smith 

05 Dii; Acad Programs-Registrac. Acmin Back 

08 Librarian.... Elaine Koenig 

26 Adainv Asst for Development.......... Florence Dunhaa 


NORTHERN BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

660 East Butterfield Road, Lombard 60148 

Congressional District: u 
rountv Du Pace FICE Identification: 001736 

Telephone (312) 620-2200 Entity Number: 1-36-216-9*60-A1 

Established 19 13 . P£ic , = . 0 «n 

Enrollment: 181 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees, JO 

Affiliation: American Baptist guart.r 

Highest offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional ' 

Ol^efideft!?":. Dr. ilUi« R. Myers 

05 Interim Academic Dean Ct - Fric II. 

\°0 JssJ 5 Pres I! ! ^ ! *Rr: ' «ich ^.Wber 

08 Librarian'.* He. Donald W. Dayton 

37 Asst Finan Aid-Student Affairs • “ • . Me * aa “ es 

51 Director Field Services 5>c. Williao R, Nelson 


NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY 

Da Kalb 60115 
county: De Kalb 


Congressional District: 15 
FICE Identification: 001737 



. 118 . 






Telephone (8 15) 753-1000 Entity lluober: 1-36-60Q-84B0-A1 

Established 1895 Coed 

Enrolluant: 25,259 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $900 
Control; state Semester 

Highest Offering; Doctorate 

Prograo: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: NH, ART, ADD, DUS, CLPSY, 3 DIET, JOUR, LIB, 

II UR, SP, TEE 

01 President Killian R. Honat 

03 Vice President and Provost John E. Latourette 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Richard J. Smith 

32 Vice President Student Af fairs. .............. . Harry J. Canon 

04 Assistant to the President....... John K. Pembroke 

26 Assistant to the President Kenneth L. Beasley 

05 Associate Provost Lida K. Barrett 

08 Director of the Libcary Jean A. Major 

10 Act g Dir Acad Computer Center............... Richard A. Kiste 

36 Dir of Career Plan-Placement. Gary R. Scott 

06 Dir Registration and Records.. Richard P. Durfee 

07 Director of Adaissions Daniel S. Oborn 

37 Dir Student Financial Aids...... Claude C. Kacznarek 

IS Director of Personnel..... David R. Conrad 

25 Assoc Dean Graduate Research.... Jon D. Hiller 

27 Director Infornation Donald C. Peterson 

29 Director Alumni Pcograns Elizabeth P. Maitland 

30 Director Developnent Richard H . Ubl 

45 Director Budget and Planning Franklin D. Van Bust 

50 Dean of Business Janes D. Benson 

53 Dean of Education John il. Johansen 

61 Dean of Lav School John S. Bainbridgo 

49 Dean Liberal Arts and Sciences... Janes D. Morris 

57 Dean of V isual-Perforn Arts...,. Robert W . Buggert 

56 Actg Dean Professional Studies........ Earl 0. Goodman 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Clive c. Veri 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Janes A. Rutledge 

71 Dean Intinatl 6 Spec Programs Daniel Hit 

00 Assoc Dean Cont Education Harold W. Collins 

►NQBTH PARK COLLEGE AND THEOLOGICAL SEMINAR? 

5125 II Spaulding Avenue, Chicago 60625 

Congressional District; 11 
County; Cook PICE Identification: 001735 

Telephone (312) 563-2700 Entity Number: 1 -36-1 55-7840- A1 

Established 1891 Coed 

Enroll aeDt; 1,379 undergraduate Tuition and Poes: $3,307 

Affiliation: Evangelical Covenant Church of America Other 

Highest Offering: First Professional 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: HH, HQS, NOR, TJtEOL 

01 Acting President Dr. Arthur A. Ilelson 

05 vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Robert T. Sandin 

10 vice Pres Business Affairs , Hr. Eloa l. Helson 

06 Director of Records.. Dr. Elmer H. ost 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. James E. Lundeen 

08 Librarian of College...., Hiss Betty J. Highfield 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Carroll J. Peterson 

34 Dean of Momen Miss B etty 0. Helson 

30 Vice Pr Q3ident Planned Giving Hr. Leroy M. Johnson 

36 Dir of Place-Pin ancial Aid.... Hi. Charles H. Olson 

26 Director of Development Mr. Melvin R. Soderstroi 

38 Director Student Counseling.... Mr. Vesley B. Nordstrom 

58 Dean of the Seminary Dr. Glenn P. Anderson 

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY 

633 Clark street, Evanston 60201 Congressional District: 10 
Coimty: Cook FICE Identification: 001739 

Telephone (312) 4S2-3741 Entity Nunber; 1-36-6 14-6277-A 1 

Established 1951 Coea 

Enrollment; 15,429 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees; $5,985 
Control: Independent nonprofit Ouarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; reacher Preparatory 1 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, DBHT, DH , BUG , HSA, IPS?, 
JOUR , LAW, HED, HI, MUS, ETA, RSTH, SE, TED 
06 Dc * Robert «• Strotz 

io . f a ^? n ? e : ■ 

2° !? ce * tMl S ant fcr Be velopaent Hr. Allic H. Proudfoot 

09 Vice Pres for Res-Dean of Sci Dr. David Hintzer 

32 Vice Pres for student Affairs Dr. Jim G. Carleton 

07 Vice Pres Instnl Rel and Adais Dr, Killian I, Ifclanfeldt 

H ration Dr. U^reJce h! SJ2s 

45 Planning Coordinator..........,,.,.,,.,. d c Jeremy R. Vilson 

08 University librarian : Shn HcG^an 

? 9 C ? nter * c ' B * n 3 a » in Sittaan 

15 Director of Personnel sc. Pred J. Bjorling 

6 Dir of Placement Services. « c . Victor R, Uhdguist 


29 Dir of Aluoni Relations.. Hr. Raymond E. Vll-u 

26 Director University Relations nr. Jack Qif ,ia 

06 Registrar Dr. Donald 0, G D 

37 Director Financial Aid Mr. Andre l. !J ln f 

38 Dean Students-Guid Counsel Us. Virginia P. Uha 

13 Actg Dir Univ ttgmt Systems Mrs. Ingrid S. 5ta« b T 

19 Director of Public Safety .. Hr. Dale F. S|,j5 0r ® 

49 Dean Col Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Rudolph H. Keingj :*** 1 

50 Dean Grad School of Management. ........ . Dr. Donald p, 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. David I. s ?^ 5 

60 Dean of School of Journalism .. Dr. I, y, *1 

64 Dean of the School of Music Dr. Thomas K. 

57 Dean of the School of Speech...' Dr. Soy J. 

54 Dean of Technical Institute Dr. Druno 1. ? 

52 Dean of the Dental School Dr. Norman U. qj 

61 Dean of the School of Law Hr. David s. 

63 Dean of the Hedical School Dr, James B. Eckont-Sf 

50 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Clarence L. ?« , 

71 Dean of the Sumner Session Dr. Robert l, Chui 

51 Dean Div Continuing Education , Dr. Ellon CcrJ-j 

0AKT0N COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1600 East Golf Road, Des Plaines 60016 

Congressional District- ig 
County: Cook pice identification: OQgiajt 

Telephone (312) 6-35-1600 Entity Number: 1 -36-268-1959. 

Established 1969 c 

Enrollment: 10,196 

Undergraduate Tuition and Peas (In -State) 1 *333 
Control: State/Local S®i«st«r 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelors; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation; HH, MLTAD, MRT, PTA A , RAD 
01 President Dr. William A. KoehjiUx,* 

04 Assistant to the President Ms. Sdith B. Gaugmr 

05 Vice Pres Curriculm and Instr Dr. Harvey s. lrl*a 

32 Vice Pres student Development Mr. John P. Donohn 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. David E. Uilgqist 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records .. Mr. John G»gir 

08 Director of Learning Resources Hr. Joseph Bototstl 

16 Dir of Community Relations Hs. Jan Hamilton 

14 Director Information Systems Hr. Gary Sato 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Patrick B. Fahvy 

♦01IVBT NAZARENB COLLEGE 

Kankakee 60901 Congressional District: 11 

County: Kankakee FICE Identification; 001741 

Telephone (015) 939-501 1 Entity Number: 1-36-219-1252-11 

Established 1907 Cos! 

Enrollment: 1,931 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 12,21* 

Affiliation: Church of Nazarene Semest-sr 

Highest Offering; Haster’s 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUR, TED 

01 President Dr. Leslie Parrott 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Hillis B. SnoY&»r<J« 

10 Business Manager Mr, Charles L. Beitl) 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Tel In 

30 Dir Development nnd Admissions Rev. Hoy F. Quanstrci 

04 Assistant to the President...... Dr. Woman V. Biot* 

15 Dir of Personnel and Budget Mr, Doug Percy 

06 Registrar Hr. Jim D. Kuigit 

08 Director of the Library Mr. Allan L. Sicas 

29 Executive Secretary of Alumni Mr. L. S. Hatgusit 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Pat Dua^o 

36 Director of Placement Rev. Frank Ga rtc -0 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. Richarl 

26 Director of Publicity Mr, Gordon Klck«t5 tn 

PARKLAND COLLEGE 

2400 Best Bradley Avenue, Champaign 61820 

Congressional Districts *1 
county: Champaign PICE Identification; 00'"® 

Telephone (217) 351-2200 Entity Humber: 1 - 37 - 069-2090 

Established 1966 CoSJ 

Enrollment: 6,804 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees {In- State) l 
Control: State/Local Seme *” 1 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than H Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, ADVET, DA, DH, EHGT, RAD, RSTH» 
RSTHT, SURGT 

01 President Killian H. Sta* E *"J 

05 Dean of Instruction Donald 

10 Business Manager..... Donalds. 8 ®?*' 

32 Dean of Students ............ A. II. C 

06 Dir Adaissions and Records ...... Jo 

15 Director of Personnel Herbert 

09 Dir Research and Planning... Paul E. 

14 Director of Data Processing... Hilliai 3 



ILLXHOIS 


PRAIRIE STATE CO l LEG E 

P 0 Box 487, Chicago Heights 60411 

Congressional District: 17 
County: Cook PICE Identification: 001640 

Telephone (312) 756-3110 Entity Number: 1-36-26G-3931-A1 

Established 19 57 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,721 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $555 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Out Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, DA, Dll 
01 President Dr, Richard C. Creal 

05 Vice Pres Instruction Services Dr. Joseph Foresi 

45 Vice Pres for Adninv Services Dr. Bruce II. Leslie 

32 Vice Pres fc.r Student Services...., Dr. Joseph Sims 

10 Vice Pres Business Services..., Hr. Janes Troutman 

26 Director of Ccmmunicaticns Hr. John Ostenberg 

14 Director of Data Center Hr. William Carlborg 

06 Dir Admis-Student Activities Mr. Ellis Falk 

38 Director of Counseling... Dr. Bonnie Henry 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. David Whitaker 

08 Director of Learning Services Hr. George A. Fox 

49 Director of Transfer Education Dr. Janet HcKenzie 

75 Director of Career Education Hr. Nello A. Petersanti 

50 Director of Pinances. Vacant 

51 Dir Cmty Serv Cont Education Hr. N. Franklin Hurt 

PRINCIPIA COLLEGE 

ELsah 62020 Congressional District: 20 

County: Jersey FICE Identification: 001744 

Telephone (610) 374-2131 Entity Number: 1-43-065-2667-A1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 860 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,239 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

0i President... Or. David K. Andrews 

05 Dean ol the College. Hr. John E. Boyman 

10 Chief Business officer Hr. Leonard Christensen 

06 Registrar Or. David K. Nartonis 

07 Dir Admissions and Enrollment Mrs. Martha Quirk 

08 Director of Libraries Mrs. Patricia Stevens 

33 Student Personnel Dean Mr. David F. Stevens 

34 Student Personnel Dean Mrs. Jane Martin 

27 Director of Publications Hr. Straight Hamlin 

29 Director of Alumni Relations....... Hr. Robert C. Satterwhite 

14 Coordinator of Data Center Hr. Ross HcAninch 

09 Director of Special Programs Dr. David Pfeifer 

30 Chief Development Officer.. Hr. Everett Bay 

71 Dir Summer School for Adults Dr. David Foltz 


♦ QUINCY COLLEGE 

1031 College Avenue, Quincy 62301 Congressional District: 20 
County: Adams FICE Identification: 001745 

Tolo phone (2 17) 222-8020 Entity Number: 1-37-066-1231 -A7 

Established 1059 

Enrollment: 1,006 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,848 

Affiliations Roman Catholic semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P tofessio na 1 

Accreditation: NH, HUS .... 

01 President Rav. Gabriel Brinkman 

04 Assistant to the President he. Paul Brcwn 

30 Director of Development Hr. James Mentesti 

27 Director of Public Information... R®v. Donald Herr 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr * J ° h " Cernech 

34 Director of Housing * Ms. Linda Godley 

38 Director of Counseling Center Mr. James Prow 

36 Dir Career Assistance Center Ms. Patricia Ernst 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Kenneth Conroy 

OB Librarian.. Rev. Victor Kingery 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mr. Richard Sai h 

06 Registrar Hr. Gary Carter 

111 Computer Center Director Mr. Dwayne Ernst 

10 Business Manager Mr. Terry Miller 

37 Director Student Financial -Aid Mr. San R ounus 

5 1 Director Continuing Education Ms. Carol Mayer 


REND LAKE COLLEGE 


3na 62646 Congressional District: 24 
county: Jefferson FICE Identification: 007119 
Telephone (610) 437-5321 Entity Number: 1-37-089-9219 A1 
Established 1955 toea 
Enrollment:. 3,114 , 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) . 1416 


Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than U Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Barry J. Braun 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Mark Kern 

10 Business Manager Hr. B. J. Hitunski 

08 Director of the Library Mr. David Patten 

36 Dean of Student Services Mr. Robert Spuhler 

06 Registrar Ms. Sue Upchurch 

51 Dean of Community- Ad ul t Ed..,.. Ms. Cheryl Foley 

75 Dean Voc Technical Id....... Mr. Carroll Turner 


RICHLAND COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

2425 Federal Drive, Decatur 62526 congressional District: 21 
County: Macon FICE Identification: 010879 

Telephone (217) 875-7200 Entity Humber: 1 -37-095-3U03-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,528 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-Sta te) : J465 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Vacant 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Robert D. Rose 

ID Dean of Business Services Mr, John H. Kirk 

32 Dean Stdnt Develop £ Services Mr. Wayne W. Knopf 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Larry N. Payne 

09 Director Institutional Studies Mr. Henry H. Brovn 

06 Registrar Mr. Gary O'Connor 

08 Chrmn Div Learning Resources..... Hr. Louis Valbert 

37 Coordinator of Financial Aid Ms. Jane Johnson 

75 Asst Dean of Instruction.. Vacant 

55 Dean of Public Services Dr. Albert G. Green 

56 Asst Dir of Public Services Hr. Roger D. Wenberg 

70 Chrmn Div of Social Science..., Dr. William G. Grieve 

57 Chrmn Div of communications Hr. Winfield P. Scott 

50 Chrmn Division of Business Mr. Marc R- Nielsen 

72 Chrmn Div Science C Technology Hr. Ben Taylor 


ROCKFORD COLLEGE 

5050 East Stata Street, Rockford 61101 

Congressional District: 16 
County: Winnebago FICE Identification: 001748 

Telephone (8 15) 226-4Q00 Entity Number: 1 -36-216-7042-A’ 

Established 1847 

Enrollment: 1,166 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,590 

Control: Independent nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HI! 

01 President - Mr * Ko,ri,an L. Stewart 

05 Vice President and Dean Or. Gordon E. Wesnec 

30 Vice President for Development Va <- ant 

10 Business Manager Mr. Richard H. Baer 

32 Dean of students Dr. Joel H. T^betts 

07 Director of Admissions Me* Charles Wharton 

08 Librarian He. Janes Michna 

29 Director Alumni Relations Mrs . Helen A. Brickson 

06 Registrar He. Marshall E. Fisher 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Thomas McFadden 

36 Director student Mrs. Catherine F. Myers 

51 Dean Cont £ Graduate Education Dr. Thcaas R. Giddens 

26 Director of Public Relations vacant 

ROCK VALLEY COLLEGE 

3301 North Mulford Road, Rockford 61101 , , 

Congressional District. 16 

County: Winnebago FICE 'l] 1 * 1 . 

Telephone (815) 654-4250 Entity Number: 1-36-277 3581 Jl 

Established 1964 

Enrollment. 7,07 ® nde rafluate lu ition and Pees(In-State) : $490 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s; 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 

Accreditation: HU, DA, RSTH, RSTHT ^ ^ Jacobs 

01 President «•••.•••••• • •••••«•••• * _ p a ,_j_v p, Thompson 

10 Business Manager. *• Peter Lonswav 

06 Director Admissions 6 Records " C, „ r! i j ll 

08 Dir Education Resources center. • " c * Hoisincton 

,14 Director of Computer Center... »*• 1 Jl Dreiser 

37 Dir Student Aids and Placement «• |??*!be th* Stirling 

27 Director of College Relations. ... Mrs, Elizabeth stirung 



I 


IJ,LXKOIS 


120 


32 Dean Student personnel Service Hr, John H. Reese 

51 Dean of Community Services.................. Hr. Daniel Tiako 

49 Dean Liberal Arts and sciences Hr. Richard Eernardi 

75 Dean Voc Technical Education He. Donald M. Johnson 


ROOSEVELT UNIVERSITY 

430 S Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60605 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook PICE Identification: 001749 

Telephone (312) 341-3500 Entity Number: 1-36-216-785U-A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,046 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,135 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Beyond Waster's But less Than Doctorate 
Progr&a: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: NR, BOS, HUS, sw, TED 

01 President Dr. Rolf A. Neil 

30 Vice President fer Developaent. Hr. Wendell ti. Arnold 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Doiinic P. Hartia 

10 Vice Pres Business-Pinacee Hr. Harold R. Bland 

05 Vice Pres Acadenic Affairs. Vacant 

25 Asst Dean of Adsinistration Hr. David Lansing 

06 Librarian Hr. Adrian Jones 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Roger Scanlan 

06 Registrar Hr. David E. Steere 

07 Dir Ondergraduate AdaisEions Hrs. Lily S. Rose 

29 Director of Aluaci Relations Hiss Plorence I. Kedov 

36 Dir Place and career Planning Hr. Arthur R. Eckberg 

37 Director of StudeDt Aid Hr. Robert L. Franklin 

3& Cir of Counseling and Testing Dr. Geraldine Piockovski 

14 Director of Computer Center Ms. Harianne Muszynski 

27 Director of Public Inforaation Hr. John Joyce 

68 Director of Physical Education nr. Robert R. Griggas 

49 Dean College Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Jecoae K. Pleiing 

50 Dean Col of Bus Adainistration Or. Douglas Lasont 

64 Dean Chicago Husical college Dr. Felix P. Ganz 

51 Dean Col Continuing Education Dr. Lee Porter 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Henrietta s. Schvart2 

75 Dir Labor Ed Division Hr, Villiaa H. Bork 


ROSARY COLLEGE 


£ive 

Corn 

Tele 

Esta 

Enro 

Conn 

High 

Prog 

P 

Acer 

01 Fro 

05 Aca 
10 Vic 

06 Rc-g 

07 Dea 

08 Act 
32 Act 
30 Dir 
27 pub 

2 9 Coo 
37 pm 
36 Dir 
58 Dea 


r Forest 6Q305 Congressional District: 6 

t 7 : Cooi t PICE Identification: 001750 

Fhoae (312) 366-24=0 Entity Buaber: 1-36-216-7855-A1 

blished 1901 Coed 

llnent: 1,495 Ondergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,440 

rol: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

est offering: Hester's 

ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
refessiotai 

editation: NH, LIB, HUS 

*;*?“*! sr. Candida Lund 

o Pres of Business Affairs « r . John P . Brad 

Ks. Shirley Haines 

ing Chief Librarian Ks Ka? Beau!lr j 0 

ing Dean of Students ... . Ms. cllina si™ 



lffaics KJ-oSS 

tXll 

n Grad sch Library Science Sr. Lauretta NcCusker 


RUSH Cl HIV2BS ITI 


600 

Coun 
Tale 
Esta 
Enro 
Cor.t 
High 
Prcg 
Acer 
01 Fee 

03 Sea 

4 5 Sea 
58 Dea 
63 Dea 
66 Dea 
10 Yic 
30 Tic 

05 Ass 
14 Dir 

06 8 eg 

07 Ass 


South Paulina street, Chicago 60612 

Congressional District: 7 
PICE Identification: 009800 
2ntity Huaber: 1-36-217-4823-A2 
Coed 


ty: Comic 

phone (312) 942-7120 
tlisfcea 1969 

liaent; 1 f ooi Ondergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3 "b5o 

cal: Independent Nonprofit 

est Offering: Dcctccate; No lover Division Quarter 

ran: Professicnal 

editation: SH, ASES1, HED, ht, nub 
sident.....,.,,. _ 


icr Vice President 

ior Vice President...,,... 
n-7ice Pres Health Science 
D-Vice President Hedicine, 
c-Vice President Nursing.. 

a President Finance 

e Pres Philanthrop y-Cceaun 
oc Dean Icadeaic Services, 
of the Computer center... 
istrar. 

oc Dean AdBia-Hedicine.. 


• Dr. Jaaes A. Catpbell 
.. Dr. Williaa r, Hejna 
• ... Hr, Conald B. Oder 
. Dr. David I. Cheifetz 
Dr. Bobert s. Blacklov 
Dt. lother p. ChristBan 
•• Hr. Troian B. Esaond 
.... Hr. Sheldon Garter 
. .. Dr. John E. Trufant 
. Hr. Salter S. Henning 
.... Hr. Joe B. Svihart 
Dr, Gerald s. Gotterer 


08 Director of the Library (is. Doris Bolef 

32 Asst Dean Student Services Dr. Willi-ao C. Vagner 

37 Director Student Financial Aid ns. Carol Silva 

38 Dir Student Counsel Center Dr. Harllyn A. Johnson 

25 Dir Research Administration Dr. Randolph W. Tucker 

29 Director Alumni Affairs Ms. Juno Taylor 

26 Director Public Relations Hr. Deuce Pattenbury 

51 Director continuing Education Hr. Joseph J. Vaal 

♦SAINT MARY OF THE LAKE SEHIHARY 

Hundalein 60060 Congressional District: 13 

County: Lake FTCE Identification: 001765 

Telephone (312) 566-6401 Entity Humber: 1-36-2 17- 1 077- A1 

Established 1044 Men 

Enrollment: 131 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 President. Rev. James P, Koloher 

05 Dean of Faculty Rev. Eduard ll. Koneraan 

45 Procurator Rev. Richard F. Schroeder 

08 Librarian Hrs. Gloria A. Sieben 

32 Director Deacon Program Rev. Eduard F. Upton 

33 Dean of Formation Rev. John F. Canary 

06 Registrar Mrs. Celia Vilsan 

73 Dean of the School of Theology Rev. Charles R , Heyer 

SAINT XAVIER COLLEGE 

3700 Nest 103rd St, Chicago 60655 Congressional District: 2 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001768 

Telephone (312) 779-3300 Entity Humber: 1- 36-2 17-7 1 33-A ' 

Established 1847 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,133 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,270 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic u-l-u 

Uighest Offering: Master’s 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: NH, NUR 

01 President.... Sr. M. Icenaeus Chekoutis 

05 Vice Pres 0 Dean Faculty Dr. J. Peter Carey 

10 Vice Pres Business E Finance Hr. Neil S. Marlowe 

30 Director of Development Mr. Raymond J. Jordan 

06 Registrar Sr. M. Veconita McLaughlin 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Robert Fitzpatrick 

08 Dir of the Library Hr. Christopher nil lson-H.tr tula 

32 Dean of Students Sr. Eileen Xolnan 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Hs. Patricia Deceeare 

36 Director Placement Services Ms. Cheri Srdnan 

66 Director School of Nursing Dr. Lucille II. Davis 

53 Director of Graduate Education....... Dr. Jessie panko 

51 Dean Coat Ed G Grad Programs. Sr. Hauteen Fay 

♦SANGAM0H STATE UNIVERSITY 

Springfield 62708 Congressional District: 20 

County: Sangamon FICE Identification: 009333 

Telephone (217) 786-6600 Entity Humber: 1-37-092-1576-Ai 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,510 

„ , , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : S634 

control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Lower Division 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, AHEST, MT, NUR 

0 President D r. Aiex B< Lacy 

Pres-Budget Officer Dr. Hilbur N, Moulton 

in off 6 ? ces Acadefflic Affairs Dr. Sue A. Dezendolet 

iu vice pres Bus-Adminv Services Dr. Thomas 1. Goins 

nl f 1Eecfc ° r University Relations Mr. James G. Turpin 

08 Dean of Library Services..; Vacant 

09 Dir n Tfcfff U ?? r * tS ; Hr * flotaer L - Butler 

nl institutional Research Dr. William T. Gorrell 

38 Hc - Pichardo, pose 

jo Dir of Advising and Counseling Dr. Gerald A. Curl 


Congressional Districts 
PICE Identification: 0011 
Entity Number: 1 -36- 258-8599- 

rv 


SAUK VALLEY COLLEGE 

R P D No 5, Dixon 61021 
County; Lee 

Telephone (815) 288-5511 
Established 1965 
Enrolment: 3,072 

Control; state Undec 9 ca duate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : *6 

2 But Ie3S Iha " “ se “ <iStl 

Princlnfi i ^"p 1 ° c f u P at ional Below Bachelor' s; 2- Year 

AccwdufK y ^ Chelor ’ s Creditable 
Accreditation; NH, HLTAD, RAD 



121 


ILLINOIS 











26 

08 

Assistant to the President 

Dir of Lrng Resources center 


37 

Director of Financial Aids 

Mr. Ranald P. Harlier 










51 

Director of Community Servids. ... 



SCHOOL OP THE ART INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO 

Columbus Dr-Jackscn Blvd, Chicago 60603 

Congressional District: 7 
County: CooK FICE Identification: 001753 

Telephone (3 12) 463-3700 Entity Humber: 1- 36-216-7725-A1 

Established 1066 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,731 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,816 

control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 


Accreditation: Nil , ART 























37 

Chairman of Financial Aid 





53 

Citron Dept Teacher Education....... 



♦ SEABURY-WESTERH THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 
2122 Sheridan Road, Evanston 60201 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001754 

Telephone (3 12) 320-9300 Entity Number: 1-36-216-9186-A1 

Established 1933 Coed 

Enrollment: 65 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Protestant Episcopal Quarter 

Highest offering: Master's; No undergraduates 
Program: Professional. 

Accreditation: THEOL 

01 President and Dean • •• Rev. 0. c. Edwards Jr. 

06 Asst Dean stdnt Aff-Regstr Mrs. Barbara «. Mason 

30 Asst to Pres Church-Cmty Pel Pev. Peter M, Norman 

10 Asst to the Dean-Finan Mgmt Mr. John li. Overton 

00 Librarian Me. Newland f. smith III 


♦ SHAWNEE COLLEGE 

Shawnee College Read, Ullin 62992 congressional District: 24 
County: Pulaski PICE Identification: 007693 

Telephone (618) 634-2242 Entity Number: 1-37-090-3840-A1 

Established 1967 c ° ed 

Enrollment: 2,301 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $252 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Loren E. Klaus 

05 Academic Dean Hr, William F. Whitnel 

07 Dean student Personnel Service Hr. Gene A. Cross 

10 Business Manager Mr. Hal C. Anderson 

56 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. George A. Floyd 

75 Dean of Career Education Mr. Joel W. Jennings 


♦ SHERWOOD MUSIC SC1ICCL 

1014 S Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60605 

Congressional District; 7 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001755 

Telephone (312) 427-6267 Entity Nunber: 1-36-176-895Q-A1 

Established 1895 Coed 

Enrollnent: 40 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,700 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: MUS 

01 President......... ... Hr. Walter A. Ecley 

06 vice Pc es -Begstr-Dir of Adnis Mr. Halph E. Sunden 

»0 Treasurer.... Mr. E. K. Nicholson 


♦SHIMER COLLEGE 

438 N Sheridan Road, Waukegan 60065 

Congressional District: ’3 
County: Lake FICE Identification: 001756 

Telephone (312) 623-8100 Entity Number: 1 -3 6- 2 16 - 79 21 - A 1 

Established 1B53 Coed 

Enrollment: 167 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,300 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 Chief Executive Officer Mr* Don P. Moon 

05 Pro vo st. * Mr. James J, Clark 

06 Regstr and Dir Finan Aid....... Mrs. Karen Knowlton 

07 Director of Admissions..... Miss Linda Levy 

30 Director of Development Mr. Dan Shiner 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Larry E. Caole 

08 Head Librarian Hr. Andrew stimson 

10 Chief Business Officer... Ms. Mary Shilkus 


♦SOUTHEASTERN ILLINOIS COLLEGE 

Route 4, Harrisburg 62946 Congressional District: 24 

county: Saline FICE Identification; 00175T 

Telephone (618) 252-6376 Entity Humber: 1 -37-090-6582-M 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,700 

Undergraduate Tuition and Peas (In-State) : tZ'O 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil , , , 

01 President * * Dr. Harry W. Abell 

32 Dean of Student Affairs * Cr * Ben Cullers 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Or. Gene Kamp 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Hr. Harold Mills 

08 Head Librarian Hs. Melba Patton 

27 Dir Public Info-Cont Education Mr. Richard Hagan 

72 Dean of Technology Mr. Bobert I. Gregg 

SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

Colyer Hall. Cirbondale 62901 Congressional District: 24 

County: Jackson FICE Identification: 008237 

Telephone (618) 536-3331 Entity Number: 1-37- 600-596 1-A1 

01 Chancellor •••• Kenneth A. Shaw 

82 Vice Chancellor Ja ? es „ M ' u*? 

45 Board Treas-Sys Cap Aff Off a - D - l 

05 System Academic Officer Howard W. Webb Jr. 

10 System Financial officer Donald W. Wilson 

04 Assistant to Chancellor Mary S. Walker 

26 Govtl Relations Officer Keith R. Sanders 

38 Doard-Legal Counsel c * B * Gcuny 

03 Exec Assistant to Chancellor Thomas C. Britton 

57 Exec Sec-Board of Trustees Alice A. Griffin 

♦SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY AT CARB0NDALE 

Carbondale 62901 Congressional District: 24 

county: Jackson FICE Identification: 001758 

Telephone (6 18) 453-2121 Entity Humber: 1 -37-680- 5961 -A 1 

Established 1869 Coed 

Enrollment: 22,695 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $942 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate ... 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ART, EUS, CLPSY, COPSY, DH, DT, ENG, BNCT, 
FIBER, FOR, FUSER, IPSY, JOUR, tLAW, MED, MUS, PTAA, RAD, 

SP SHf TED 

0 2 president Albert Somit 

05 Actg Vice Pres Acad Aff 0 Res......... JohnC, Guyon 

18 Vice Pres Financial Affairs....... Robert E. Gentry 

26 Vice Pres University Relations... George p. MacE 

32 Vice Pres of Student Affairs.. Bruce B. Swinburne 

45 vice Pres of Campus services. Clarence G. Dougherty 

13 Exec Dir Computing Affairs........ Barry L. Bateaan 

04 Assistant to the President.... Richard S, Millaan 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records B. Kirby Browning 

07 Assoc Director of Admissions * * Jerre C. Pfaft 

29 Director Alumni Services J. Robert Odaniell 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placement Harvey S. Ideus 

14 Director Computer Center Edward H. Massey 

30 Dir Develop & Annual Giving John c. Garavalta 

09 Dir Institutional Research Harold G. Richard 

27 Dir University News Services Peter B. Brown 

15 Director of Personnel services..... Barbara S. Spears 


lLLJjtOiS 


122 


25 Director Research and projects 

19 Director o£ Security 

37 Dir Stdnt Financial Assistance 

36 Dean of Student Services 

33 Deaii of Student Life.......... 

06 Dean of library Affairs.. 

47 Dean of Agriculture 

50 Dean Bus and Administration. . . 
53 Dean Coanunicaticns-Fine Arts. 

51 Dean of Continuing Education.. 

53 Dean of Education..... 

50 Dean Eogt and Technology. .... . 

58 Dean of the Graduate School... 

59 Dean of Human Resources 

61 Dean School of Lav 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts 

00 Dean of science............... 

63 Dean Sch of lied and Provost... 

75 Dean of Technical Careers 

60 Director School Journalism 

64 Director School c£ Music 

00 Director School c£ Art 


. Michael R. Dingerson 
.... Virgil P. Truaner 
.. .. Joseph H. Camille 

Terrence D. Duck 

Harvey Welch Jr. 

.. Kenneth G. Peterson 
.. Gilbert H. Kroening 

Jchn R. Darling 

Charles 8. Hunt 

.. Robert H. Ratcliffe 

Elmer J. Clark 

Kenneth E. Teapelmeyer 

John c. Guyon 

Samuel Goldman 

Dan Hopson 

James F. Light 

.. Norman J. Doorenbos 

Richard H. Hoy 

Arden L. Pratt 

Vernon A. Stone 

.... Phillip H. Olsson 
... Benjamin T. Hiller 


•SOUTH ERH ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY AT EDUAR DSVILLE 


Edvardsville 62026 Congressional District: 23 

County: Radison FICE Identification: 001759 

Telephone (618) 6S2-2000 Entity Number: 1-37-600-5961 -A2 

Estatl is bed 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,475 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $865 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: liberal Arts and General) Teacher Preparatory: 

P rof essioral 

Accreditation: HH, BOS, DENT, ENG, JCUR, HUS, NUF, TEC 
02 President Earl E. Lazerson 

05 Act ng vice Pres and Prcvost Earl S. Beard 

10 Actg Vice Pres Business Affair . James F. Hetcalf 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Charles E. Stikes 

04 Exec Assistant tc President James R. Buck 

06 Actng Dir Adaiss and Records Eugene J. Magac 

06 .Director of Lovejcy Library John C. Abbott 

36 Dir Uni v Placement Services David R. Vanhorn 

14 Director of Computing Center Leon E. Daniel 

09 Dir Institutional Research John R. Reiner 

15 Personnel Officer Arthur H. Hale 

27 News Bureau Editct Samuel 1. Smith 

30 Dir Foundation Adainistr ation Alfred J. Junz 

25 Dir Research Adainistra tion David G. Broun 

37 Dir stdnt Work S Finan Asst John P. Jennetten 

29 Director Alumni Services Warren stookey 

5 ® beiD David j. wernec 

57 Dean of Fine Arts u c n is l uhite 

49 Dean of Humanities Carol K \ KQene 

72 Dean Science and Technology Thomas P. Anderson 

Ah °F u 0Cial 5ciences Suzanne D. Jacobitti 

66 Dean of Nursing Patricia B Forni 

52 Dean School of Dental Medicine Henry H. cherrick 

58 Dean Grad Studies 6 Research ” VaXL J. Lijdsav 

51 Director continuing Education Donald D . Shandler 


Accreditation: III) 

01 President 

05 Vice President of Instruction. 
10 Vice Pres of Financial Affairs 

32 Dean of Student Services 

26 Assistant to the President.... 

08 Dir Learning Resource Center.. 
07 Dir Admissions and Records.... 

09 Asst for Special Projects 

49 Dir Arts-Sciences Education... 

14 Director Computer Center 

30 Dir Resource Development 

75 Dir occupational Education.... 


Dr. Paul C. Gianinl .It. 

Dr. Hayne E. Giles 

.. Dr, Walter I., K article 
... Mr. Patrick l. Durke 
.. Dr. Robert 5. Smolich 
.... Ms. Shirley A. Heed 

Vacant 

.... Mrs. Norma J. Meads 
.. . Dr, Janet L, Gardner 
Mr. Frederick J. Jlalonar 

Vacant 

Hr. Zollio W. flail 


SPRINGFIELD COLLEGE IN ILLINOIS 


1500 North Pifth Street, Springfield 62702 

Congressional District: 20 
County: Sangamon FICE Identification: 00176 1 

Telephone (217) 525-1420 Entity Number: 1-37-066-3573-A1 

Established 1929 Coed 

Enrollment: 517 Undorgraduate Tuition and Fees! $2,550 

Affiliation! Roman Catholic U-l-D 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor 1 s Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Sr. Francis Mario ThtailXlll 

05 Dean of the College Dr. William J. Holland 

10 Treasurer Mrs. Rita M. SaathofE 

06 Registrar Sr. Louis-Marie Carter 

08 Librarian Mrs. Connie Stoudol 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Hichael J. Long 


STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


417 Hissouri Avenue, East Saint Louis 62201 

Congressional District: 23 
county: Saint Clair FICE Identification! 009332 

Telephone (618) 075-9100 Entity Number: 1-37-095-0095- A 1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,084 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Stato) : $106 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Loss Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Oaclielor's) 2-Yoar 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Rosetta D. whoadon 

13 Dir Hgmt Information Services Mrs. Hilleno J. Randolph 

10 Dean Administrative Services Hr. Charles Turner 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Robert II. Allen 

05 Dean Instructional Services Dr. Willard Haytubby 

08 Dir Learning Resource Center Dr. W. J. Van Gcunnven 

32 Dean of Student Services Ms. Ruth Clayborno 

06 Registrar Mrs. i 0 is Shelby 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. John Robinson 

51 Dir Adult Ed-Public Service Mr. Richard Conner 

66 Director of Nursing Mrs. Glndyo Cox 


♦ TELSHE YBSHI VA-C1IICAGO 


-t SP2RTUS COLLEGE OF JUDAIC& 

618 S Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60605 

Cmmtw rnnv Congressional District: 7 

SuSuSh.i 3 M25 932 ' 9#12 Entit^Numberf 1 1-3 6-266-2739- A 1 

a . „ Bndeugraduate Tuition and Fees: $2^700 
ina 08 " e " li , “ ct “ 

0 1 President...,. _ _ .. „ . 

05 Dean Dr ‘ David Weinstein 

10 Comptroller ” I .’.'*‘'1 D ^* “ arren Borgad 

08 librarian l, J ? Se ? h Angel 

06 di, ... L: SiSSS sr,“ 

SPOON BIVEE COLLEGE 

sssysit?' canton 61520 n stcict: 19 

Enrollment: 2,120 Coed 

Control: Local ° Daergraduate Fees(ln-Stat e ) : $456 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


3535 West Foster, Chicago 60625 Congressional District: 11 
County: cook P ICE identification: 029052 

Telephone (312) 463-7738 Entity Number: 1 -36-246-42U 1 - A 1 

Established i960 Men 

Enrollment; 167 Undergraduate Tuition and Peas: SO 

control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: First Professional 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: R ABN 

o“v i u ent ':; Rabbi Kordechai Gittor 

02 Rosh Hayeshiva-Actg President Rabbi Avrohoo C. Levin 

nl 52«i.S? y S!S iva l!f lce Pr€3ide nt Rabbi Chaim D. Keller 

in » a Ram- Vice President Rabbi Chaim Schaolczer 

10 Administrative Director Rabbi Shmuei Adler 

•THORNTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

15000 South State street, south Holland 60473 
co„ntw Congressional District: 3 

„„„„ FICE Identification: 001769 

Established !g 2 7 Entity Nurabecs 1 -36-2 59-7699 • A 1 

Enrollment: 9,383 Coed 

Control: State/L^Sr 9 ”* 08 10 Tuition ancJ Fees (In-Sta te| : $624 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Seaester 

°p5Ui2lJt n B 1 ® c ^P ational Belov Bachelor's j 2-Year 
Dac helor 's Creditable 

«iS“ t »»» ■ 

* Dr. Nathan A. Ivey 



123 


ILLINOIS 


05 Yi.ce Pees Educational services Dr. Wayne E. Hillard 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Services Mr. George W. clack 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Dr. La Veil C. Wilson 

36 Dean counseling Hr. Larry J. larvick 

06 Dean Admissions and Records ...... Hr. William J. llafer 

06 Dean of Learning Resources Dr. Robert J . Lucas 

36 Director of Placement Services Mrs. Doris S. Ritter 

35 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Ronald L. Cooley 

lb Director Information Systems Mr. Arthur J. Baker 

15 Director Personnel Services Mrs. Patricia A. Duncker 

26 Dir Public Relations Mrs. Judi A. MacK 

45 Dir Research and Planning Mr. Frank D . Wilkin 

75 Dean of Career Education Dr. Norma G. Rooney 

55 Dean Community Services Mrs. Theda H. Hambcight 

49 Dir Language Communications Dr. Commodore Craft Jr. 

50 Director Business and Commerce Mr. Cletus D. O'Drobinak 

51 Dean of Community Education Hr. Douglas N. Picciano 

57 Director Arts and Humanities Mr. Fred L. Hanzelin 

70 Dir Social- Behavioral Sciences Mr. William J. Tabal 

72 Director Engineering-Technical Mr. Clarence B. Penny 

66 Dir Health and Life Sciences Dr. William J. Francis 


TRINITY CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

6601 West College Drive, Palos Heights 60463 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001771 

Telephone (312) 5S7-30C0 Entity Number: 1 -36-238-7 148-A1 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 381 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,950 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. George Van Groningen 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Jack Van Der Slik 

30 Director of Development Mr. Robert Cramer 

10 Director of Business Affairs Dr. Fred Vanswol 

32 Dean of Students Mr. David Larsen 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Keith Vander Pol 

08 Librarian Mr. Hendrik Sliekers 

06 Registrar... Mr. Edward Vanderveele 

TRINITY COLLEGE 

2077 Half Day Road, Deerfield 60015 

Congressional District: 12 
County; Lake FICE Identification: 001772 

Telephone (312) 946-8980 Entity Number: 1-36-221-6176-A1 

Established 1097 Coed 

Enrollment: 772 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,410 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President . ... Dr. Harry 1. Evans 

05 Vice Pres and Dean cf College Dr. J. Edward Hakes 

32 Vice Pres for Student Services Dr. Dale Durkey 

10 Vice Pres Finance 6 Treasurer Mr. Steven Prensner 

06 Director of Records ...» Mr. Tom Stewart 

OB Director of the Library Mr. Thom Morris 

15 Director of Personnel Hrs. Sarah Cu.trona 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Ray Fredericks 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Lester Drotts 

36 Director Placement Services..... Mr. Wendell U. Lawhead 

14 Director Computer Center Mrs. Lori Brown 

♦TRINITY EVANGELICAL DIVINITY SCHOOL 
2045 Half Day Road, Deerfield 60015 

Congressional District: 12 
County: Lake FICE Identification: 012193 

Telephone (312) 945-6700 Entity Number: 1- 36-280-1 013-A1 

Established 1897 coed 

Enrollment: 710 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Affiliation: Evangelical Pree Church of America Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, THEOL 

01 President Dr. Kenneth N. Heyer 

32 Associate Dean..... Mr. William R. Hausaan 

30 Vice President Development Mr. Robert Christensen 

10 Business Manager Hr. Gary Erlandson 

33 Dean of Students. Mr. Arthur D. Volkaann 

07 Director Admiesicns-Becords. Mr. Joseph C. Hassey 

08 Librarian.... Dt. Brewster Porcalla 

30 Director of Counseling......... Mr. William L. Secor 

50 Actg Vice Pres Grad Stdies.. Et. Warren S. Benson 


TRITON COLLEGE 

2000 5th Avenue, River Grove 60171 Congressional District: 6 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 

Telephone (312) 456-0300 Entity Number: 1-36-253-71 14-A 1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: IB, 582 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $460 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, DA, DT, ENGT, MLTAD, HLTC , HMT, 

PRUR, RAD, RSTH, SURGT 

01 President Dr. Brent Knight 

€5 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Clyde Letacte 

15 Vice President Personnel Er. Fred Gaskin 

10 Vice Pres Business Management Hr. Richard Francetic 

32 Dean of Students Dc. Daniel Moriarty 

14 Exec Dir Information Services....... Mr. Wayne Buehrer 

26 Director of College Relations Mr. Richard Fonte 

07 Asst Dean Admissions-Records Hs. Mary Kay Kickeis 

37 Dir Financial Aid- Placement Ms. Tcudye Wilson 

51 Dean Sch Continuing Education Mr. John B. Trebbe 

49 Dean Sch Univ Transfer Studies........ Me. Clyde Chisuo 

72 Dean School Career Education Mr. Vernon Magnesen 


UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO 

5801 South Ellis Avenue, Chicago 60637 

Congressional District: ’ 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001774 

Telephone (312) 753-1234 Entity Number: 1 -36-2 17- 71 39 -A 1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,194 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,100 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess ional 

Accreditation: Nil, BUS, CYTO, USA, IIT, LAW, LID, MED, FSTH, 
RSTIIT, SW, TED, THEOL 

01 President Mrs. Hanna El. Gray 

05 Provost Mr. Kenneth W. Dam 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Mr. wa. D. Cannon 

26 Vice Pres for Public Affairs..... Mr. D. J. R. Bruckner 

06 Registrar M3. Maxine Sullivan 

33 Dean of the College Mr. Jonathan t. Smith 

36 Dir Career Counsel-Placement Mrs. Julie Monson 

08 Director University Library Mr. Martin Runkle 

32 Vice Pres-Dean of Studonts. Mr. Charles D. O'Connell 

14 Director of Computation Center Mr. Fred II. Harris 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Edward C. Coleman 

56 Doan of University Extension Mr. C. Ranlet Lincoln 

49 Dean of Humanities Division Mr. Karl J. Heintraub 

61 Dean of the Law School Mr. Gerhard Casper 

65 Dean of Physical Sciences..... Mr. Albert V. Crewe 

73 Dean of the Divinity School Hr. Franklin I. Gamwell 

50 Dean Grad school of Business Mr. Richard N. Rosett 

70 Dean Sch Soc Serv Admin Mrs. Margaret K. Rosenheim 

62 Dean Graduate Library School..... Mr. W. Boyd Hayward 

63 Vice President Medical Center Mr. Robert B. Uretz 

UNIVERSITY OF HEALTH SC1ENCES-CHICAGO MEDICAL SCHOOL 
2020 West Ogden Avenue, Chicago 60612 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Cook. FICE Identification; 001659 

Telephone (312) 942-2906 Entity Number: - 1-36-210-1 973-A2 

Established 1912 Coed 

Enrollment: 688 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $3,570 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3NII, MED, MT, PTA 
01 President Dc. Joseph White 

05 University Vice President.... Dr. Charles J. Martin 

30 Vice President for Development Mr'. Pobert L. Krit 

10 Vice Pres for Fiscal Affairs Mr. Hartin Handler 

06 Dir Admissions and Records... Mr. Hilton R. Geecdes 

32 Associate Dean Student Affairs Dc. Theodore Gooden 

08 Librarian.... Mrs. Nancy Garn 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. Lavaughn Wainright 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mr. Horton Ries 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms. Laverne Urich 

14 Director Computer center.... Mr. Carl Hatney 

45 Director Facilities Planning Mr. Robert F. Schultz 

63 Dean the Medical school Dr. Marshall A. Falk 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Cr. Velayudhan Nair 

49 Dean Sch Related Hlth Sciences..... Vacant 


UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS 
♦CENTRAL OPFICE 

Ur ban a 61801 Congressional District: 21 

County: Chamyaign F1CE Identification: 008001 

Telephone (2 17) 333- 1000 Entity Huaber: 1-37-600-051 1 -A 1 

01 President Dr. Stanley O. Ikenberry 

03 Exec Vice President Dr. Ronald V. Brady 

05 Vice Pres of Acadeoic Affairs..... Dr. Peter E. Yankwich 

10 Sr Assoc Vice Pres Bus-Fin Aff Mr. Robert K. Parker 

07 Dir Scb and College Relations... Dr. E. E. Oliver 

45 Assoc Vice President Planning Mr. Harlan D. Bareither 

0V Dir Institutional Research Mr. Richard L. King 

15 Univ Dir Personnel Services Mr. Donald W . Ward 

0U Assistant tc President Dr. David W. Leslie 

30 Executive Director Foundation Mr. Levis V. Barron 

29 Exec Dir Aluani Association Hr. Janes Vermette 

13 Dir Adain Info 5ys Devsiopaent Mu. Joseph A. Catraobone 

14 Dir Univ Adoin Info Sys-Serv Hr. Robert Schramm 

51 Dir U nivet3ity-W ide Projects... Dr. Wendell G. Anderson 

26 Dir Univ Office Pub Affairs... Hr. Thomas L. Tobin 


♦UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS CHICAGO CIRCLE CAMFUS 

P 0 Box 4348, Chicago 60680 Congressional District: 7 

County: Cook F1CE Identification: 001776 

Telephone (312) 955-3000 Entity Huaber: 1-37-600-051 1 -A7 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 20,285 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : J95« 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory; 
Professions 1 

Accreditation: HH, ARCH, DUS, CLPSY, ENG, SV 

02 Chancellor Dr. Donald H. Riddle 

05 Vice chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Richard M. Johnson 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. L. Rea Jones 

U7 Dir AdnissLcns and Records Mr. Hillian H. Bain 

08 University Librarian Dr. Beverly P. Lynch 

45 Director Acadeoic Planning Mr. Vernon A. Hiller 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Oscar Miller 

29 Director of Aluani Association Ms. Susan Arnberg 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Carl c. Dalstrom 

27 Dir Office of 'levs Services Ms. Marilyn L. Pierce 

o8 Dir student Counseling Center Dr. Harold Klehr 

36 Director of Placement Services Dr. Roland Q. Swaim 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Richard Hanneman 

13 Dir Adain Info Sys and Service Mr. Thom P. Drown 

14 Director of Computer Center tr. Thoaas II. Brovn 

56 Director office of Extension Dr. Tunis H. Dekker 

58 Dean of the Graduate College Dr. Irving F. Miller 

49 Dean Literal Arts and Sciences Dr. Phillip Dwinger 

54 Dean College Engineering Dr. Paul M. Chung 

at Dear, Cul of Arch Art 0 Ucb Sci Dr. Richard R. Whitaker 

50 Dean Col of Bu3 Administration Dr. Ralph Hestfall 

52 Dean of College cf Education Dr. Maurice Eash 

66 Dean Col illth Phy Ed and Recr Dr. Sheldon 1. Pordhao 

70 Dean School of Social Work Dr. Donald Brieland 

♦UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS MEDICAL CENTER AT CHICAGO 

P O Box 6998, Chicago 60680 Congressional District: 7 

County: cook FICE Identification: 003960 

Telephone (312) 9S6-7000 Entity Humber: 1 -37-600-051 1 -AS 

Established 18 96 Cq6( , 

Enrollment: 4,923 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-state) : $1,122 
Control: state Qua ' r ter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Teriinal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 

Accreditation: BBT, DA, DENT, DIET, MED, MRA, MT, NUF, OT, 

PH, FHAB, PTA, SAC ' 

02 Chancellor. Dr. Joseph S. Begando 

05 Vice Chanc- Acadeoic Affairs Dr. Alexander M. Schmidt 

H ®ff 6ct0 5 Business Affairs Hr. Michael a. Provenzano 

25 Research Adxinistrator D r. Robert e Krebs 

Sb ac ? K ac °rds Dr. Christine N. iiovacki 

08 University librarian Bc . j CHin H pi 

ll S ? U n G ? t A i fairs Dr. Killian A. Overholt 

29 Dir Aluani Rel and Records Ms, Dorothy C. Di lorio 

37 Assoc Dean for Student Affairs c r . Kenneth R. Ostberg 

38 Director Counseling Services Dr. Jerrv A. Tranoa 

\\ ^ 6C tox of public Affairs Mr. iack 5! SiglSSC 

S Services Mr. Richard c. filnneaan 

1 J?° V at V a " d Services «c. Phillip j. waiiack 

14 Act g Dir Res Rescurces Center n r . Sabath nsrntt, 

09 Dir Administrative Studies I ' i,s ? JomS? m Turek 

45 Assoc Vice Chanc Resrc Plan Dr. James E.ElsJss 

58 Acting Dean Graduate College Be. Thoaas O. Henderson 

63 Act g Exec Dean Cel of Medicine Dr. Morton C. Creditor 


52 Dean of college of Dentistry Dr. Soyaour IK Yale 

66 Dean of College of Nursing Dr. Helen K. Grace 

67 Actg Dean College of Pharmacy Dr. Henri R, Hantsse 

69 Dean School Public Health Dr. Viron L. Diefenbsch 

♦UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS URBANA CAMPUS 

Urbana 61801 Congressional District: ?1 

County: champaign FICE Identification: 001JJ5 

Telephone (217) 333- 1000 Entity Number: 1-37- 600-05 11-A 1 

Established 1067 Co&i 

Enrollment: 34,376 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (in- State) : $9M 
Control: State Sont-fiUr 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ARCH, ART, ADD, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, -OB, 

JOUR, LAW, LIB, LSAR, MUS , ST, SW, TEE, VET 

02 Chancellor Dr. John E. Cclbtot 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Edwin L. Goldvasg?! 

32 Vice Chanc Student Affairs Dr. Stanley H. lory 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Harold G. Poindexter 

25 Asst Director Business Affairs Mr. John 0. Kaaorer 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Dr. Jane W. lo-:h 

08 University Librarian Mr. Hugh C. Atkinson 

45 Assoc Vice Chine Acad Affairs Dr. Hugh G. Petrie 

09 Dir of Administrative studies Dr. John E . Tervilliqer 

29 Dir Alumni Rel Urbana-Champgne — Mr. Donald H. DoJ-ln 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Toby Y , Kihr 

13 Dir Admin Info Sys and service Mr. John 11. McHsr.ua 

14 Dir Computing services Office Mr. George P. (iadgor 

27 Director Public Affairs Mr. James R, Colll a r 

19 Director Campus Security Mr. Paul ,7. Doc-bil 

36 Dir Car Develop and Placement Mr. David H. n?cht-:l 

37 Actg Dir Stdnt Financial Aids Mr. John S. Griffin 

38 Actg Dir Student Counseling Dr. Janos F. Kammjn 

51 Dir of Cont Ed-Public Services Dr. Donnie IK Dahl 

56 Dir Coop Extension Service Dr. William II. Ouchvall 

58 Dean Graduate College I)r. Theodore J.. ltroxn 

49 Dean Liberal Arts Sciences Dr. Hillian P. Prokaay 

61 Dean of Law Dr. rotor H. H»y 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. Richard E. Diotks 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Daniel C. Brocket 

47 Dean of Agriculture Dr. Orvillo ii, liontley 

50 Dean Corn-Bus Administration Or. Vernon K. 7,icnerain 

57 Dean of Fine- and Applied Arts Hr. .lack II, McKenzie 

70 Dean School of Social Work Dr. Donald Criolitl 

68 Dean Col Applied Life Studies Dr. Kennoth !J. Clarke 

60 Dean of Communications Dr. J-in-?j} Cmny 

62 Dir Grad Sch Library Science Dr. Charles II. Davis 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Joseph fluir.ett 

63 Dean Sch Basic Medical Science Dr. Daniel K. llloonlioH 

65 Dir Inst Environmental Studies Dr, non Jan In IK Evir.j 

VANDERCOCK COLLEGE OF MUSIC 

3209 s Michigan Avenue, Chicago 60616 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Cook FICE Identification: 001 710 

Telephone (312) 22 5-620U Entity Number: 1 -36-253-9399-11 

Established 1909 Ceil 

Enrollment: 121 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: $2,310 

Control: Independent Nonprofit SeBcatsr 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, MUS 

01 President Hr. Richard E . Or It Mir. 

06 Dir Business A f fairs-Registra r Hr. Georgo Zaires 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Janos Gilvorih 

08 Librarian Hr. John E. iiayeis 

05 Director Academic Studies Dr. Ann C. Bresi 

64 Dir Undergrad-Husic Affairs Hr. Allan R, Harris 

58 Dir Graduate-Music Affairs Hr. Victor If. Zajtc 

HAUB0HSEE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

II Route 47 at Harter Rd, Sugar Grove 60554 

Congressional District: '5 
county: Kane FICE Identification: 006931 

Telephone (312) 466-4811 Entity Number: 1-36-615-3030-11 

Established 1966 Coti 

Enrollment: 5,006 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta to) 1 |oJ3 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HI! 

01 President..... dc. Forest D. Etheredge 

03 Executive Vice President Dc. Kenneth Shibat* 

10 Vice President Administration....... Hr. John Murphy 



45 Vice Pres Plan and Development Hr. Stanley R. Sroh 

06 Director Adaissicns 6 Records Hr. Paul G. Bosse 

14 Director of Computer Services Hr. lou Herman 

09 Dir Instnl Res Development Hr. Dan Griffin 

3? Dir Place and Financial Aids Dr. James Pilcher 

2? Director of Public Information Mrs. Edith McDonald 

49 Dean Bahav 5ci-Public Service... Dr. Kenneth Allen 

51 Dean of ccnnrunity Service Dr. Edward El. Fauth 

57 Dean Humanistic Studies Serv Ms. Carol J. Viola 

7b Dean Social Ec Technology Hr. Lelana II. Thompson 

72 Dean Hat Sci and Technology Hr. Robert Gage 


WESTERS IL1IH0IS UNIVERSITY- 

Adaos Street, Macomb 61455 Congressional Districts 19 

County; McDonough FICB Identification: 001700 

Telephone (309) 295-1414 Entity Number: 1 -37-60 1- 4287-A 1 

Established 1899 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,006 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : 3850 
control: State Semester 

Highest offering; Beyond (taster's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, AUD, DUS, MUS, SP, TEC 
01 President Dr. Leslie F. Halpass 

05 Piov-Academic Vice President Dr. Bruce (I. Carpenter 

10 Vice Pres fcr Business Affairs Mr. Arthur D. Chown 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Dr. Ronald D. Gierhan 

03 Dean of Admissions Dr. Frederick B. Fess 

29 Director Alumni Af fairs Hr. Gordon A. Taylor 

31 Director of Financial Aids......... Mr. Janet K. Ruge 

09 Dir Instnl Res and Planning Dr. Samuel E. Turner 

08 Director of Libraries........ Mr. Pearce s. Grove 

06 Registrar Mr. Alan H. Deroos 

14 Director of Computer Services Hr. Christian L. Orix 

36 Director of Placement Services Dr. Batt P. Maher 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Frank A. Downes 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Suzanne Reid 

47 Dean School Applied Science Dr. Rodney J. Fink 

49 Dean School Arts £ Sciences Cr. Robert Kindrick 

50 Dean of the School of Business Dr. Howard C. Nuda 

53 Act g Dean School of Education Dr. David Taylor 

68 Dean Sch of Itealth-Phy Ed-Recr Or. William L. Lakie 

57 Dean School of Fine Arts Dr. Forrest D. Suycott 


HftlEATCN COL18GE 

Wheaton 60187 Congressional District: 14 

County: Du Page F1CE Identification: 001781 

Telephone (312) 682-5000 Entity Number: 1-36-210-2171-A1 

Established I860 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,405 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,126 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, MUS, TED 

01 President Dr. Hudson T. Aruerding 

04 Dean of the College Dr. Peter Veltoan 

06 Registrar... Mr. Patrick L. Miller 

08 Librarian Mr. Paul Snazek 

32 Vice Pres student Development Dr. Henry W. Nelson 

30 Director of Development Dr. Norman Edvards 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Richard Gerig 

29 Erec Dir of Alumni Association Mr. Leroy Pfund 

36 Director Career Placement Miss Barbara Daly 

05 Vice Pres for Acad Affairs....... Vacant 

10 Vice Pres Finance-Treasurer Dr. David Johnston 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Trygve Larsen 

07 Director of Admissions... Mr. Joseph Bean 

31 Director student Financial Aid..... Mr. Stuart Michael 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Richard Kriegbaum 

58 Dean of the Graduate School..... Dr, H. Hilbert Norton 

64 Dean of the Conservatory Dr. Harold M. Best 

51 Dean for Academic Affairs Dr. Hard xciegbaua 


WILLIAM RAINEY HARPER COLLEGE 

Algonquin 6 Roselle Roads, Palatine 60067 

Congressional District: 12 
County: Cook FICZ Identification: 003961 

Telephone (312) 3S7-3000 Entity Number: 1 -36-258-2782-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 16,784 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3654 
control; State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DH 

01 President...,. Mr. James J. McGrath 

OS Vice Pres Academic Affairs..... Dr. David 1. Williams 


10 Vice Pres Adminv Services Dr. James D. Perrv 

32 Vice Pres of student Affairs Mr. Donn B. stansbury 

08 Dean of Educational Services Dr. George !!. Yoegel 

06 Director Admissions- R eg Mr. Steven Catlin 

04 Director of College Relations.... Ms. Elaine N. Stoermer 

09 Dir Planning and Research....... Dr. John A. Lucas 

75 Dean Instructional Services Dr. Charles T. Harrington 




ANCILLA DO MI NI COLLEGE 

Donaldson 46513 Congressional District: 2 

County: Marshall FICE Identification: 00178“ 

Telephone (219) 936-8898 Entity Number; 1-35-607-1917-A1 

Established 1937 Coed 

Enrollment: 281 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $925 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Sr. fl. Joel tampan 

05 Dean Sr. Vivian Brand 

06 Registrar Sr. Aline Clesen 

10 Business Officer Sr. Cecile Wisman 

08 Librarian Sr. Vecena Robison 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mrs. Margo Demont 

38 Counselor Mr. Robert McGinnis 


ANDERSON COLLEGE 

Anderson 46011 Congressional District: 5 

County: Madison FICE Identification: 001785 

Telephone (317) 649-9071 Entity Number: 1-35-O06-7954-A1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,038 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,200 

Affiliation: Church of Gcd Semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, MUS, ted, TIIEOL 
01 President Dr. Robert II. Reardon 

05 Vice Pres Acad Affaits-Dean Dr. Robert A. Nicholson 

10 Treasurer and Dir Development Mr, Ronald Moore 

06 Registrar Miss Lucille A. Stravn 

07 Admissions officer Mr. George Nalyvaiko 

08 Librarian Mr* Richard Snyder 

32 Dean of Students Mrs. Cleda Anderson 

36 Director of Placenent services . . Mr. Michael Collette 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Thomas Harbron 

04 Dean Acad Develop and Pub Aff Dr. Larry Osnes 

73 Dean of School of Theology Dr. Barry Callen 

66 Director of Nursing Program Miss Louise Spall 

BALL STATE UNIVERSITY 

Muncie 47306 Congressional District: 10 

county: Delaware FICE Identification: 001706 

Telephone (317) 289-1241 Entity Number: 1-35-600-0221-Al 

Established 1918 Coed 

Enrollment: 17,557 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $975 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory: Professional 
Accreditation; NH, ARCH, AUD, BUS, .10C1R, LIB, LSAR, HUS, NUR, 
SP, SW, TED 

01 President. »••»«» Dc. Jerry M. Anderson 

05 Prov 6 Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. James V. Koch 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Merrill C. Beyecl 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs..; Mr. Thomas J. Kinghorn 

26 Vice Pres for Oniv Relations Dr. Robert E. Linson 

04 Assistant to President Dr. Richard c, McKee 

38 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Patsy A. Donn 

09 Coord of institutional Studies Dr. Casey A. Tucker 

14 Director of Computer center Dr. Dennis l. Kramer 

36 Director of placement Hr. Glenn T. Rosenthal 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Or. Norman E. Beck 

29 Director Alumni S Development. ... Mr. Edwin D. Shipley 

45 Director of Office of Research.......... Dr. Charles E. Smith 

33 Associate Dean of Students............ Dr. Kenneth M. Collier 

34 Associate Dean of Students... Ms. Dale Bowman 

08 University Librarian Dr. Ray F. Suput 

07 Director of Admissions..., Dt. Richard D. Rovray 

06 Registrar Hr. Joseph W. Espey 

25 Contracts and Grants Officer............ Mr. James S. Johnson 

19 Dir Traffic Safety Security............. Mr. Thomas B. Osborn 

27 Exec Dir Oniv Rel and Comm..... Nr. Tracy K. Norris 

57 Dean col Fine and Applied Arts........... Dt. Lloyd P. Nelson 



iHEiMi 


50 Dean of College o£ Business Dr. Joseph B. Elack 

4B Dean Col of A rchi tectuce. Dr. Charles H. Sappenfield 

53 Dean of Teachers college , Dr. Thelfcert Drake 

59 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. David l. Wheeler 

51 Dea n of Continuing Education Dr. 'Joseph S. Rawlings 

** 9 Act g Dean Col Sci Humanities Dr. Norman J. Morton 


BETHEL COLLEGE 

1001 West McKinley Avenue, Mishawaka 46544 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Saint Joseph F1CE Identification: 001787 

Telephone (219) 259-8511 Entity Hunber: 1-35-093-5587-A1 

Established 19 97 Coed 

Enrollment: 987 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,623 

Affiliation: Missionary Church Inc (Frcn United Miss) 9-1-9 
Highest Offering: 9 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

&1 President Dr. Albert J. Beutler 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. William c. Crothers 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dr. Wayne J. Gerber 

30 Dir Institutional Advancement Dr. Jaaes A. Bennett 

07 Dir Adais-student Finan Aid Mr. Robert L. Beyler 

10 Director of Business Services.......... Mr. David J. Matteson 

32 Director of Student Services Mr. Eldon W. Speicher 

06 Recorder....... Mrs. Sharon M. Snyder 

08 Librarian Mrs. Evelyn R. Slavik 

BOILER UNIVERSITY 

«6th 6 Sunset, Indianapolis 96208 Congressional District: 5 
County: Marion FICE Identification: 001788 

Telephone (3 17) 263-8000 Entity Huabec: 1-35-0 S6-7977-A1 

Established 1855 Coe ,j 

Enrollaont: 3,739 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,900 

Central: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master’s But Less Than Doctorate 
Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Profession! 

Accreditation: NH, SUS, NMT, PHAR, RAD, RSTHT, TED 

03 vice Pres Academic Affairs!!!.’.*.*!!*.'*.'.'*'!'.’.’ PaSl r! steSart 

05 Dean of University College Willlaa w. Neher 

3D Vice Pres Finan Development Williaa 0. Powell Jr. 


10 Treasurer. 


« 

s 

06 Librarian * . ®S 9e 5 s 

32 Dean of Students J... !!!!’.**“ , \ ® 

39 Associate Dean of Students “’sally J* J5lk« 

15 

55 Dean Eve and Suiter Division! !!!!.!!! aJi2io T = 

99 Dean Literal Arts and Sciences David MSilSer 

50 Dean Business Adiinistration Williaa C Rnnifilia 

67 Dean of Pbaraacy * n .I„ „ * ld 

69 Dean of Music tmHc v Hz Doecr 

53 Dean of Education.... louis F. Chenette 

CALUMET COLLEGE 


2900 New York Avenue, Whiting 96399 

County: Lake “ iatcict! 1 

L’SCSSJ'a, 0 -”” 


BSK.fia.'ja. -* »«i 

Hign est offering. . « 5 I... 

aM G " ei,li *>•*«««, 

0 1 President 

03 Executive vice President. !*!!!!!.’*.*.’ Ill' f”!® McCabe 

05 Vice Pres Acadeaic Affairs 'r,V {”* Si Csterhage 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs. ° Rayaond J. Krajevskl 

30 Director of Development ! * Vaca nt 

06 Registrar......... * Ht. Jaaes Donovan 

06 Librarian.... Hiss Jay Gould 

07 Director of Admissions! !!!!!! !! a Mt * L " 

37 Director Financial Aid !..\\\’**Hr’*fi»h»n » ? aroa 

32 Dean of Students ’ flc * Safcen R * Rodriguez 

lu Director Computer Center!!! „ s ! Eva Hrickaan 

Mr. Bruce Vollcath 

CHRISTIAN I1J20I0GICAL SEMINARY 

Mapletn Station Bcr 88267, Indianapolis 96208 

Congressional District; 5 


County; Marion FICE Identification: 001789 

Telephone (317) 924-1331 Entity Number: 1-35- 104-5939- A1 

Established 1958 Coed 

Enrollment: 299 Undergraduate Tuition and Feoa: $0 

Affiliation: Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Semester 
Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, TJIEOL 

01 President Dr. Thomas ,]. Liggett 

05 Vice President and Dean Dr. Richard D. Dickinson 

30 Vice President Development Rev. Dili L. Barnes 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer Mr. Cassius M. Fenton 

07 Admissions Counselor Rev. Richard D. Bkooglund 

08 Librarian — Rev. Leslie R. Galbraith 

51 Dir Adv Professional Studies Dc. Keit.h Watkins 

75 Director of Field Education Dr. Vinton D. acadahav 

CLARK COLLEGE 

1840 H Meridian Street, Indianapolis 46202 

Congressional District: 11 
County: Marion FICE Identification: 029124 

Telephone (317) 923-3933 Entity Number: 1-35- 144-6146-Ai 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 619 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,752 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB, MAC 

01 President Mr. Robert Saith 

05 Director of Education Hs, Darri Shirk 

07 Director of Admissions Me. jaefc King 

06 Registrar Mr. Edward Hallbank 

10 controller M r. John Mhlto 

08 Librarian Mrs. Judith Fae 

36 Placement Officer Ms. j ud ith Rohclg 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms, Lisa Baurloy 

CONCORDIA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

6600 North Clinton Street, Fort Wayne 46025 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Allen PICE Identification: 001667 

Telephone (219) 982-961 1 Entity Number: 1 -37-067-34 78 -M 

Established 1046 rton 

568 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: $0 

Affiliation: Lutheran Chucch-Miasouri synod Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 9NH, THEOL 

President. Dc. Robort. D. Pcoun 

05 Academic Dean Dr< wiibert II. Rosin 

32 Dir Student Personnel Services.... Rev. John H. Salooka 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Dr. Martin F. Lucbke 

03 Dean of Administration Dr. Melvin L. Zll* 

36 Director of Placement dc. Henry J. Kggold 

DE PAUW UNIVERSITY 

com^^d 1 ! 46135 Congressional District: 7 

TelenL,! oSSv „ P1CE Identification: 001792 

p®f®P?° n ® j 3 !oL 653-9721 Entity Number: 1-35-086-9045-A1 

-stamished 1037 Coed 

, Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,S08 
Affiliation: United Methodist 41 1 -g 

Highest Offering: Master's 

05 Provost" 4 ” Dr * Richarfl F * flooser 

in vine Dr. Donald D, Johnson 

J? ItSaJS; ' Finance ‘*-- Nr. Lawrence c. Slam 

07 nirprtnr Ial2**!*** Dr. Eleanor S, Ypaa 

M ?u a «un Sion= «*■ »»*« »“T™r 

32 Dean of t**J Mr. Jao9a ft * Martindale 

30 lllc f Dr. Joan Clear 

s -xtnl Affairs Dr. Robert Bottoms 

EARLIIAM COLLEGE 
Richmond 47374 

Countv Wav™ Congressional District: 10 

Telephone (317) 962-6561 . Identification: 001793 

Established 184 7 Entity Huobe,:! 1-35-086-8073- A' 

Affiliation: ^Friends Uri dergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4??*2 
Highest Offering; Master's ° th * C 

Acc 9 reditaUon: a JiH Ai: 5HEoJ d Ganecals Taach0r Preparatory 

01 President...., ' 

05 vice Pres Acaj’ Iff Pranklln N. Hallin 

10 Vice Pres for and Provost Joe E . Elmore 

Pres for Business Affairs g, Richard Wy«r. 



127 


I HOI AH A 


30 Vice President for Development Robert A. Lyon 

15 Business Manager Jack HcJunkin 

06 Registrar Lavona L. Godsey 

26 Director of News Bureau Cecile Hoivik 

07 Director of Admissions Lynette Robinson-Weenin 

2 5 Director of Alumni Relations Marilyn Rugen 

0-S Librarian....... Evan I. Farber 

32 Dean of Student Development Robert Ubbelobde 

36 Dir Car Planning 6 Placement John Zehring 

3(j Director Supportive Services Jerry Lewis 

37 Director of student Aid William E. Ehrich 

73 Dean of School of Religion Alan L. Kolp 

FORI WAYNE BIBLE CCI1EGE 

1025 W Rudisill Blvd, Port Wayne 46007 

Congressional District: 4 
county: Allen FICE Identification: 001797 

Telephone <2 19) 456-21 11 Entity Number: 1-35-0 Q7-6377-A 1 

Established 1904 Coed 

Enrollment: 473 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 32,016 

Affiliation: Other Protestant Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr. Harvey E . Dostroc 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Gene II. llovee 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Donald E. Postel 

06 Registrar Pev. Herald J. Welty 

08 Director of the Library Miss Hava Bueschlen 

30 Vice Pres for Development Mr. Keith Vincent 

32 Act g Dean of Student Services Miss Barbara L. Coon 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Dennis Williams 

37 Dir Finan Aid-Data Processing Miss Janice s. Hoffman 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Jeffrey R. Ling 

29 Dir of Church-Alumni Relations Rev. Howard E. Dunlap 

27 Director of Public Relations Robert Jones 

56 Dir of Correspondence studies.. Miss Dcnna H. Lutton 


Affiliation: Hannonite Church TrjBil . tor 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, liun, sv, TED ' 

n«! Dr - lavrence aurkholder 

™ ^ US t n f SS Managei: tic. J. Robert Kreider 

06 Registrar.......... hr. John Hyce 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. June Yoder 

Ofi Librarian.. Mr. Davon J. Yoder 

36 Director of Career Services......... H r. j. b Shenk 

32 Dean of Student Development Mr, Normann Kauffman 

26 Director of college Relations Be. Daniel Kauffman 

49 Dean Col and Summer Session Dr. j C hn A. Lapp 

GRACE COLLEGE 

Winona Lake 46590 Congressional District: 3 

County: Kosciusko FICE Identification: 001800 

Telephone (219) 267-81 91 Entity Number: 1-35- 086-8095-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,172 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S2,752 

Affiliation: Brethren Church Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 cr 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Homer A. Kent Jr. 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. John J. Davis 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Vance A. Yoder 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Ronald E. Clinger 

30 Director of Development Mr. Richard g . Hessner 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Daniel H. Snively 

06 Registrar Hr. James A. Shipley 

07 Director Admissions. Mr. Ron 0. Henry 

08 Librarian Hr. Robert D. Ibach Jr. 

34 Associate Dean of Students Mrs. Miriam H. Uphouse 

29 Director of Alumni Relations.... Mr. Gerald H. Tvombly 

37 Director student Financial Aid Mr. •William J. Katip 


FRANKLIN COLLEGE OF INDIANA 

501 East Monroe, Franklin 46131 Congressional District: 6 

County: Johnson PICE Identification: 001790 

Telephone (317) 736-0441 Entity Number: 1-35-0 86- 0006-A1 

Established 1034 Coed 

Enrollment: 653 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,080 

Affiliation: American Baptist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program! Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President.... Dr. Edwin A. Penn 

05 VIce Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Lawrence D. Bryan 

32 Dean for student Life Hr. J. Stuart Mill 

10 Yice Pres for Finan Affairs.. vacant 

30 Vice President for Development.. Mr. Frank II. Benz 

07 vice President fer Admissions Mr. Nolan C. Cooper 

06 Registrar f. a. Laura H. Patterson 

00 librarian Hr. Robert Y. Coward 

26 Director of Public Relations Ms. Virginia Rouse 

14 Director of Computer center Mrs. Robert Bennett 

36 Director Placement Hr. Paul Elliott 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Ms. Gyneth W. Fredbeck 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Gary Garoffolo 

GOSHEN BIBLICAL SEMINARY 

3003 Denham Avenue, Elkhart 46517 congressional District: 3 
County: Elkhart FICE Identification: 009749 

Telephone (219) 2S5-3726 Entity Numbers 1-35-1 17-390 1 -A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 127 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Hennonite Church 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Prog.ram; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, TIIEOL 

01 President Dr. Marlin E. Hiller 

03 Vice President Mr. Joseph (lerzlee 

05 Acadenic Dean...,. Dr. Hillard M. Swactley 

10 Business Manager Mr. Virgil claassen 

06 Registrar-Dir Student Affairs Dr. Heyburn Groff 

08 Librarian.... Dr. Paul Rotan 

30 Director of Pield Work Dr. Jake Elias 

73 Dir Inst Meononite studies Dr. Hillard M. Svartley 

GOSHEN COLLEGE 

Goshen 46526 Congressional District: 3 

County: Elkhart FICE Identification: 001799 

Telephone (219) 533-3161 Entity Number: 1-35-086-0094-AI 

Established 1894 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,302 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,325 


GRACE THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

Winona t.ako 46590 Congressional District: 2 

County: Kosciusko FICE Identification: 029227 

Telephone (219) 267-8191 Entity Humber: 1-35-086-8095- A*> 

Established 1937 Coed 

Enrollment: 414 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

• Affiliation: Brethren Church Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; He Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President Dr. Homer A. Kent Jr. 

05 Dean of Seninacy Dr. E. William Male 

06 Registrar Mr. James A. Shipley 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Charles R. Smith 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Ronald E. Clinger 


HANOVER COLLEGE 

Hanover 47243 Congressional District: 9 

County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 001801 

Telephone (812) 866- 2151 Entity Number: 1-35-086-8096-A1 

Established 1827 Coed 

Enrollment: 985 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 12,895 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. John E. Hornet 

05 Vice Pres for Acad Affairs Dr. Stanley P. Caine 

10 Vice Pres for Bus Affairs.. Hr. Ralph Burress 

30 Vice Pres for Development Dr. Glen L. Bonsett 

32 Vice Pres for Stint Affairs Mrs. Barbara F. Quillinq 

33 Assoc Dean Students-Dlr Place Hr. Kenneth Felt. 

34 Associate Dean of Students... Mrs, Margaret c. Seifert 

08 Director of College Libraries Hr. Halter D. Morrill 

06 Registrar. dr. Robert W. McClew 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mr. Eugene McLemore 

29 Director of Annual Giving Mr. Albert J, Veitz 

HOLY CROSS JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Notre Daaa 46556 Congressional District: 3 

county: saint Joseph FICE Identification: 007263 

Telephone (219) 233-6813 Entity Number) 1-35-1’4-8835-A 

Established 1966 £ , . _ . 

Enrollment: 263 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $i,25Q 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2- Year Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation! 3IC , . 

01 President and Dean &ro. J 0 * 1 " Driscoll 



ind£M4 


120 


10 Business Manager..... Bro. Janes Leik 

06 Director Admissions-Registrar Bro. Janes Horonay 

08 Librarian Rev. Hilliac Simoons 

26 Director o£ Public Relations Bro. Eyaard Salznan 


HUNTINGTCN COLLEGE 

College Avenue, Huntington 46750 Congressional District: 4 
County: Huntington FICE Identification: 001803 

Telephone (219) 356-6000 Entity tiusber: 1-35-066-8101-A1 

Established 1897 Coed 

Enrollaent: 550 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 54,977 

Affiliation: United Brethren Church 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Pro less iocal 
Accreditation: UK 

01 President Dr. E. Dewitt Baker 

05 Dean.... Dr. Gerald G. Hinkleman 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer - Mr. Paul D. Keller 

06 Registrar Mrs. Imogene H. Palmer 

07 Director of Adaissions.. -. Hr. Jchn C. Schafer 

08 Librarian » Hr. Robert E. Kaehr 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Rodney l. Dudgeon 

2b Exec Dir College Rel 6 Develop Hr. Rcbert L. Baker 

37 Coordinator of Student Aid.... Mrs. Charlotte Singer 


INDIANA CENTRAL UNIVERSITY 

1**00 East Hanna Avenue, Indianapolis 46227 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Maricn FICE Identification: 001804 

Telephone (3 17) 788-3360 Entity Nuaber: 1-35-086-8107-A 1 

Established 1902 Coed 

Enrollaent: 3,040 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,200 

Affiliation: United Methodist Ocher 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prograa: Teminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, ACNUR, IKUS, TED 

01 President Dr. Gene E. Seasa 

03 Vice President and Treasurer Hr. Leo S. Hiller 

05 Acadeaic Dean Dr. Lynn R. Youngblood 

10 Business Manager Mr. Kendall l. Hottell 

06 Registrar Mr. Hilaer D. Lawrence 

08 Librarian Mrs. Flora Belle Wilson 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. David J. Kuffaan 

26 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Carolyn J. Sfreddo 

29 Director Alumni Relations Mr. Keith B. Van Denan 

36 Director Placenent Services Mrs. M. Diane Netheny 

14 Manager Data Processing Center Hr. Larry Collins 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mrs. Linda B. Handy 

58 Dean of the Graduate Division Dr, Lynn R. Youngblood 


INDIANA INSTITUTE Of TECHNOLOGY 

1600 E Washington Blvd, Fort Vayne 46803 

Congressional District: 4 
... ec , FICE Identification: 001805 

i 2 ,'nL 4/2- 5561 Entity Nuaber: 1-3S-084-5258-A1 

tsta ej. is hea 1930 Coed 

j Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,835 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Ouarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate ‘ ' 

Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil 

So SS52- 0CUcec 

os Director 

36 Coord Placement Counseling . Hs lailv 

14 Director of Computer Center ^Charles J* clrr 

26 Dir Public Rel- Alumni Affair .W. SS"; 

32 Director Campus Services Hc Donald b !! 

30 Director Student Developient „, m johJ : 

09 Director M.o.ti.,.1 Plu.ln, „i. Sl.id'sS”" 

INDIANA STATE UNIVERSITY 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

217 North 6th street, Terre Haute 47809 

Countv Vian Congressional District; 7 

^ ^ FICE Identification: 009562 


Telephone (812) 232-631 1 Entity Number: 1- 35-600- 16 70- A I 

01 President Dr. Richard G. i.andlm 

♦INDIANA STATE UNIVERSITY MAIN CANTUS 

217 North 6th Street, Terre Haute 4 7(109 

Congressional District; i 
County: Vigo FICE Identification: 00956) 

Telephone (012) 232-6311 Entity Number: 1-35- 600- 1 670-A1 

Established 1065 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,056 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fe0s(lri-Stata) : 11,007 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, BUS, 3D7ET, IFIPER, MT, HUS, NUR, 

SP, TED 

01 President Dr. Richard R, l.andini 

04 Assistant to the President Mrs. Lavelda II. Johnson 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Richard M, Clokejr 

10 Sr Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. J. Kenneth Houltcn 

06 Registrar Dr. William R . Csson 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. John F. liush 

08 Dean of Library Services Hr. Ronald a. Leach 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Charles w. linrdawiy 

19 Director of Security Hr. George, Korn 

25 Contract Officer Hr. Richard u, Barter. 

32 Vice Pres for student Affairs Dr. John W, Truitt 

30 Vice President for Development.... Dr. Donald J. Roberta 

36 Director of Placement Dr. Alex c. Moody 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Edward S. Saw telle 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr, Douglas K. Smith 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Dr. Dale r. HcKna 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Hr. Michael l. Phillips 

27 Dir Communication Services Mr. David L. Plkor 

38 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Patrick w. uti 

51 Asst Dean Cont Ed-Extnd Sarv Dr. touis R. Jensen 

71 Dean Acad Serv-Spec Programs Dr. Harriott D, Barrow 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Effio N. Ilur.t 

68 Dean Illth-Phy Ed-Recreation Dr. Howard D. Richardson 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Hary A. Carroll 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Harynnno Boehm 

50 Dean of Business Dr. Sdvard L, Goebel 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Richard U Willey 

72 Dean of Technology Dr. bavin V. Yoho 

♦INDIANA STATE UNIVERSITY EVANSVILLE CAHPUS 

8600 University Blvd, Evansville 47712 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Vanderburgh FICE Identification: 001806 

Telephone (B12) 464-0600 Entity Humber: 1-3&-130-0'76-A» 

Established 1965 Coa3 

Enrollment: 3,018 

Undergraduate Tuition and Foes (In- Sta to) : 1834 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year C accaiau reat.e 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Hll, DA, Dll, DT, RAC, TED 

02 President Dc . David L. Rico 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs..... Dr. Robert L. Raid 

30 Vice Pres for Administration Dr. Donald D. Bennett 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Byron C. Wright 

06 Registrar Hr. John L. Data 

07 Director of Admissions Me. Timothy K. fluocher 

08 Director of Library Services Mrs. Hette K. Haider. 

27 Assistant to President Mrs. Sherriannn Slandlay 

38 Director of Counseling Mr, Robert Harper 

36 Dir Place and Alumni Affairs Hr. Ralph H. Kent 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aids Mr. Killian H. Calloway 

14 Director of Computer Center Mrs. Patricia Nordbnrg 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Marshall E. Jones 

50 Chair nan-Division of Business Dr. Kenneth B. Settle 

53 Chairnan-Division of Education . Dr, Charles J. Bertram 

57 Chrmn Division of Humanities Dr. James P. Blevins 

49 Chrmn Div Sci and Mathematics Dr. Melvin V. Denrer 

70 Chrmn of Div of Social Science..., Dr. Daniel A. Millar 

72 Chrmn Div Engr Technology Dc. Anthony L. Tllaans 

62 Chrmn Allied Health Sciences Dr. Gordon E. Kellty 

INDIANA UNIVERSITY' 

♦♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Bryan Hall, Bloomington 47405 Congressional District: 7 

County: Monroe FICE iaentif ication: 000002 

Telephone (812) 332-0211 Entity Number: 1-35-600-1673-ii 

01 President Dr. John X. Ryan 

05 Executive Vice President Dc . H, G, Pinnell 

4b Vice Pres for Administration...., Dr. Edgar 0. Villiais 



INDIA f}A 


10 University Treasurer Hr. John D. Hulholland 

06 University Registrar Hr. M. D. Scherer 

2? Director of [lews Bureau... Mr. James I. Green 

29 Alumni Secretary Hr. frank B. Jones 

15 Dir Personnel Ad ninistration Mr . James W. Urton 

3? Dir Scholarships-Financial Aid Mr. Edson W. Sample 


♦INDIANA UNIVERSITY BLOOMINGTON 


Bryan Hall, Bloomington 47405 Congressional District: 7 

County: Monroe FICE identification: 001809 

Telephone (812) 332-0211 Entity Number: 1 - 35-600-1673-A1 

Established 1020 Coed 

Enrollment: 31,840 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : $1,013 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, AUB, BUS, CLPSY, JOUR, LAW, LIB, HUS, OFT, 
SP, TED 

02 Vice Pr esident-Bloomington Dr. Kenneth R. Gros Louis 

10 Business Manager Hr. Theodore R. Jones 

M5 Dean Adain-Budget Planning Dr. Ward B. Schaap 

06 Registrar Hr. R. G . Pugh 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. Thomas c. Schreck 

37 Dir Scholarships-Financial Aid Dr. Jimmy L. Ross 

36 Dir Bureau Business Placement Dr. Randall Powell 

08 Dean of University libraries Cr. Elaine F. Sloan 

05 Dean of Faculties Dr. Frank A. Franz 

14 Director of Computing Center Hr. Stephen W. Young 

25 Dean-Res and Grad Development Dr. Homer A. Heal 

38 Dir Counsel-Psyc services Dr. Thomas V. Foster, Jr. 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences.... Dr. James c. Craig 

50 Dean of School of Business Dr. Schuyler F. Otteson 

53 Dean of School of Education Dr. Laurence D. Brown 

68 Dear Sch of Health-Phy Ed - Dr. Tony A. Mobley 

61 Dean of School of Law Cr. Sheldon J. Plager 

56 Doan of Graduate School Dr. Leo F. Solt 

64 Dean of School of Music..... Dr. Charles II. Hobb Jr. 

62 Dean of Grad Library School Dr. Herbert S. White 

51 Dean of Continuing Studies Dr. James E . Heigand 

60 Dean of School of Journalism Dr. Richard G. Gray 


•INDIANA UNIVERSITY EAST 

2325 Chester Boulevard, Richmond 47374 

Congressional District: 10 
county: Wayne FICE Identification: 001811 

Telephone (317) 966-0261 Entity Number: 1- 35-600-1673-A7 

Established 19 46 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,430 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-state) : $048 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 out Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 cha ncellor Vacant 

M 5 Asst to Chanc Planning-Budget Br. David J. Fulton 

26 Asst to Chanc Univ Relations Mr. Donald C. Fasnacht 

05 Dean for Academic Affairs Cr. Frank A. Butler 

32 Director of Student Services Ms. Jean A. Lemoine 

37 Director of Admissions Mr. James E. Fred 

14 Director Computer Center.... Dr. Thomas K. Osgood 

10 Director of Financial Affairs Vacant 

08 Dir Lrng Resources Center Hr. Terence F. Sebright 

38 Dir Advising-Student Develop Mr. Robert fl. Spuhlar 

49 chnn Hum Social Science Dr. Ronnie n. Carter 

72 Chrmn Science-Technology Mr. Wayne H. Backer 

51 Director Continuing Studies Hr. Eloward c. Gongwer 

66 Director Nursing Education.... Ms. Judith A. HcCarty 

50 Chran Business-Economics Mr. Lawrence R. Englert 

53 Director of Education i. Dr. William F. Browne 


♦IRD3ANA UNIVERSITY AT KCKOHO 

2300 South Washington, Kokomo 46901 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Howard FICE Identification: 001814 

Telephone (317) 453-2000 Entity Number: 1- 35-600-1673-A8 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,344 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (3 n-State) : $848 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; NH, ADNUR 

02 Acting Chancellor Dr. Hugh L. Thompson 

05 Dean of Faculties Dr. Herbert C. Hiller 

32 Dean of student Services Dr. Raymond P. Echols 


07 Director of Admissions Hr. Edward T. Mot 

37 Director of Financial Aids.. Mr. Gerald B. Wesclc 

10 Business Manager Hr. Richard L. Cacipl 

08 Librarian Hr. Richard L. Arc 

26 Director University Relations Mr. Robert E. Morr 

06 Director of Evaluation Mr. RonaLd W. Hat 

14 Director of Computer Services..... Mr. Thomas E« He; 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hrs. Lois Ilathc 

38 Director Student Counseling Mr. John ct 

50 Chrmn Division of Business.... Hr. Raymond F. Bohhc 

72 Director Division Purdue Tech Mr. Michael T. O' I 

49 Chrmn Division of Humanities...... Dr. Nicolas !!. NeJ 

70 Chrmn Social-Behavioral Sci...... Dr. Allen B. Haxv 

65 Chrmn Biological-Physical Sci Dr. Philip G. Uafl 

53 Director Division of Education...... Dr. Philip J. He 

66 Director Division of Nursing Mrs. Florence B. Gart 


•INDIANA UNIVERSITY NORTHWEST 


3400 Broadway, Gary 46408 Congressional District: 1 

County: Lake FICE Identification: 001815 

Telephone (219) 980-6500 Entity Number: 1 -35-600 - 1 6 73 - B 1 

Established 1921 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,056 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) : 1UU0 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, DA, Dll, M1TAD, HLTC, HRT , RAD, RSTII 

02 Chancellor Dr. Danilo Orescanln 

05 Dean for Academic Affairs Or. Marion 0. Hochor, 

26 Director University Relations Hr. Thomas J. Blakloy 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. WilLiam D. Leo 

06 Registrar Hr. Paul II. Saft 

10 Business Manager Mr. John Black 

00 librarian Mr. Richard D. Reich 

49 Chairman-Arts and Sciences Dr. F. c. Richardson 

50 Chairnan of Business Dr. Sidney P. Feldman 

53 Chairian of Education Dr. John P. Sikula 

66 Director of Nursing Dr. Doris R. Blanoy 

51 Director continuing Education. Dr. Frank H. Parrish 

75 Coord General-lech Studies Hr. Ernest Smith 

69 Coordinator of Allied Health Ms. Janice Akin 


♦INDIANA UNIVERSITY-PURDUE UNIVERSITY AT INDIANAPOLIS 

355 North Lansing, Indianapolis 46202 

congressional District: 11 
County: Marion FICE Identification: 001B13 

Telephone (317) 635-8661 Entity. Humber: 1 -35-600- 1 673 -A1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 21,453 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -Stn te) : $870 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUE, ART, EA, DENT, Dll, DIETI, ENG, 

ENGT, IPSY, LAW, MED, MR A, HT, NUT, NUR, OT, PTA, RAD , 

RSTlt, RTT, SH 

02 Vice President-Indianapolis. Dr. Glenn W. Irwin Jr. 

04 Dir Administrative Affairs... Hr. Hell E. tantz 

05 Exec Dean-Dean of Faculties Dr. Edward C. Moore 

25 Dean-Res-Sponsored Programs Dr. Wendell F. McBurnoy 

26 Director of Univ Relations Mr. Kenneth A. Fleckley 

07 Director of Admissions... Mr. John C. Krivaca 

32 Dean for Student Services Dr. M. G. Mannan 

06 Registrar Dr. Richard E. Slocum 

10 Director Budget-Fiscal Affairs Mr, George R, Lirulle 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Thomas T. Cook 

37 Director of Financial Aids Ms. Shirley H, Boardman 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Lee M. Snydor 

08 Director of Libraries Mr, Robert J. Bonner 

14 Director of Computer Services..... Hr. Edvard F,. Pollack 

63 Dean of the School of Medicine Dr. Steven C. Beering 

52 Dean of School of Dentistry Dr. Ralph E. McDonald 

66 Dean of the School of Nursing...... Dr. Elizabeth K. Grossman 

61 Dean Indianapolis Lav School Hr. Frank T. Read 

70 Dean School of Social Work Er. Leonard Schneidernan 

57 Dean of Herron School of Act Hr. Arthur II. Weber Jc. 

49 Dean of School of Liberal Arts Dr. Martha E. Francois 

68 Dean Sch of Physical Education... Mr. P. N. Helium 

54 Dean School of Bngc-Technology Dr. R. B, Renda 

65 Dean of School of Science.... Dr. Marshall C. Yovlts 

•INDIANA UNIVERSITY AT SOUTH BEND 

1700 Mishawaka Avenue, South Bend 46615 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Saint Joseph FICE Identification: 001816 





Telephone (2 19> 227-4111 Entity Humber: 1- 35-600-1673-AB 

Established 1 9« o . 

Enrollment: 5,800 

. Undergraduate luition'and Fees(In-State) : $840 

Controls State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prog ra o: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: MB, DA, #DB 

02 Chancellor . .. Dr . Lester H. Wolfson 

Dean of Student Services.... Dc. Robert A. Dubick 

05 Dean of Faculties.. Dr. Gerald E. Harriman 

07 Director of Admissions fls . Connie J. Horton 

26 i Mc ' Timothy o. Link 

26 Director University Relations Hr. Dalton R. Collins 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Ms. Xnne E . Pyle 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. steven W. Hinnick 

oS ni Sin f SS Hr. Ctis S. Romlne 

08 Director Library Services Hr. Jas.es l. Hullins 

tl Ofrector Continuing Education Dr. Janes H. Ryan 

56 Dir General-Technical Studies Dr. saauel R. Hiersteiner 

r;n ^ a J- rnan * cts a ” d Sciences Dr. Roland u. Garrett 

bO Chairman Business G Econoaics Dr. Paul A. Joray 

fia chai ^3n of Education Dr . vayne J. Krepel 

n hll ^ Ba11 Hl3£lc Dr. Robert H. Denaree Jr. 

^ Dir Dental Auxiliary Education Dr. Frank K. Ellis 

♦INDIANA UNIVERSITY SOUTHEAST 

G201 Grant Line Road, [lev Albany 47150 

‘TT F1 ° yd ElCE^^^tifi^tLlTon,? 

Established** 1941^ 45-2731 EntAty Nuabec: 1-35-600-1673-A9 

Ento llnent: M,C61 Coed 

Control: State Unde,:9i:aduate Tuition and Fees (I r.-Sta te) : $848 

Highest' Offering: Master's Seaester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; N H 

05 .Dean of^caieaic'Af fairs' )* H‘ Johi! V*Reisert 

10 Dir Adninistrative Affairs Mr David L* Robhins 

S! &£:: S KSS! V - 

07 Director of " ir Slii’o 

06 Registrar uc ’ I ' eia "dams 

]! :: :::: : .’■*Sr Il 32:I:"a i; ;iiSi:I 

INDIANA UNIV ERSITY -PUR DOE UNIVERSITY AT FORT WAYNE 
2101 Coliseum Blvd East, Fort Hayne 46605 

Countv Allen Congressional District: 4 

Telephone (2191 48? 5,71 . * ICE 1<5entif ication: 001812 

LSEltoW !U . 2 1-35- 6 00- 2 0«i-»8 

Enrollment: 9,186 Coe<3 

Control: state Unde ^ raduat0 **LtLou »»« Pees (In-State) : $923 
Highest Offering; Master's Semester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
a J Cal! ,"° hw Preparatory; Professional 

oV SSl!2i«!!!.!!!!:.^!! UH ' DA ' CH ' D1> EHGT ' wufi 

05 vice Chanc-tean iacaities ! ! 1 1 !*" ” * * ‘ Dr D Edvar!rA h Nichii Sti 

10 Vice Chanc- Financial Affairs Edvard A. Nicholson 

32 Dean of Student Services l‘.l Dr’ ’ V ?,? ant 

ID Director of Data Processing J £ h V’n D i ME 

30 Dir Sponsored Res and Develoc nr* * Dsbo F? 

27 Dir of Cn iv Relations.... ... ^ aydon A * install 

29 Director Alumni Association.. ..* I. S e ^ l0y 
08 librarian.. . **•* Ke> J°hn E. Hobson 

15 Dir of Perscnnel’satvices* !!*”!* ‘I l‘‘ if* ® u 5 2 Gcose 

25 Comptroller Ja ??? ,?• F6E 9“scn 

06 Registrar nr. Phillip r. Grote 

07 Director of Admissions.'*.’ ^ *tc' kI , Da H 

3 7 Director of Financial Aids I... I St 2 1 

3 6 Director Student Placement.. doan °* Saton 

4 9 Dean of Act and Tetters ' T R ? b&ct s - Ba tkhaus 

50 Coord Professional Studies^.*!’ ° nJ Ul pe? a J *.r S ®? ikStyS 

51 coord of community Outreach.. D fl P S ta f H* 2omkis 

72 — •- £: S5i f. sags 

INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

5221 Ivy Tech Drive, Indianapolis 46206 

„ . „ . Congressional District: 11 

County: Marion PICE Identification; 009916 

Telephone (317) 872-3210 Entity Number; 1-35- 1 10-06 3 1 -A v 

05 Vice Pres-Instnl-Adminv Aff I T .* I * Cc. H,' Victor PaS 

10 Vice President Treasurer Hr. John T. Hatchett 

26 Vice Pres-Regional Operations Hr. Gerald I. ia»ktr, 

04 Asst Pres-Staff Legal Counsel Hr. L. Richard Gohaal 

30 Director of Development Mr. Jnn . V nk„ 

09 Dir-Plan Facilities Services Hr. Daniel Holm 

5 Director of Personnel Nr. Killian F. Morris 

14 Director of Data Services Mr. william K . Morgan 

06 Registrar.... Mr . Austell o. Sherar.1 

37 Financial Aids Coordinator Hiss Patricia A. Jeffers 

♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE-CENTRAL INDIANA 

1315 E Washington Street, Indianapolis 46202 
„ _ . Congressional Districts 6 

County: Marion FICE Identification: 00991 7 

Telephone (317) 635-6100 Entity Humber: 1-35- 1 1Q-0631-A2 

Established 1966 r . 

Enrollment; 3,913 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) ; *734 
Control: State Quartet 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: Nil, MLTAD, PNUR, RAD, RSTIIT, SURGT 
02 Vice President-Dean Hr. Warren F. Man: 

05 Dir Instr and stdnt Services Dr. Meredith L. Carter 

13 Director Data Services Mr. John D. Montgomery 

77 « ana9eE *“* Hr. James Kendrii 

27 coordinator Regional Relations... Mrs. Eoris S. Parker 

37 Financial Aid officer Mr. Walter E. Poling 

38 coordinator Student Counseling Mrs. Marion 0. McDowell 

♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE - COLUMBUS 
646 Franklin Street, Columbus 47201 

. x , Congressional District! 9 

County: Bartholomew FICE Identification; 010038 

Telephone (B12) 372-9925 Entity Number: 1- 35- 1 10-0631 *A6 

Established 1967 Co -a 

Enrollment; 1,376 

„ t , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Stato) : *734 

Control: state Quarter 

Uighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NH 

° n l M$L! r#8l ! e 2 t " D#an Nc - Hatv *V Doling 

05 Director of Instruction Ns. Jayne Beltko 

32 Director Student Services Hr. John Groiy 

10 Director Operations Hr. Harold Lacoy 

♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLSGE-SA STCENTRAL 
/ 

M00 covan Road, Muncie 47302 Congressional District: 10 

county: Delaware P ICE identification; 013146 

Telephone (317) 289-2291 Entity Number: 1-35-118-0631-84 

Established 1968 Co , A 

Enrollment: 1,930 

_ Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- state) j 1734 
control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NH, MAC 

11 I}” President-Deal Richard t. Davidson 

ns ilSfS 4 ? of _ ln s“uction Dr. Jack J. Balnter 

07 kili M? Coordinator Ms. Ruth A. Jackson 

10 Buein^tc ® tudent Services Dc. Michael A . Ilayou 

10 Business Manager Hc . jerry H. Jarman 

♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE-KOKOMO 
1815 East Morgan Street, Kokomo 46901 

SSELfTSl „ nS^SrasSitSiff'iSi.! 

b'uSus'J l"U 0561 Intity " U,b " : 1-35--.1S-0631-.5 

Enrollment: 1,605 

control, t Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : »734 

Highest offering: 2 Lesa n „ , 

K!L T0r ‘ 11 ’^ Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NH, MAC 

°ol yre 0 5or S iS e ? t "? ean ;r---” • • Lansingor 

32 Director nf ff S f CU * tion Hc * William c. Thompson 

Director of student Services Hr. Charles J, Ore* 



I tICI AW A 


10 Business office Manager Hiss Clive Decamp 

06 Registrar Mrs. Jean Rodeo an 

07 Admissions Officer Hr. Larry II. Drown 

J7 financial Aid Officer Hiss Evelyn Dininger 

♦ INDIA NA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEG E- L A f A Y ITT E 

3208 Ross Road, Lafayette <17905 Congressional District: 2 

County: Tippecanoe FICE Identification: 010039 

Telephone (317) 477-7401 Entity Nunber: 1-35-11U-0631-A1 

Established I960 Coed 

Enrollment: 95 5 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1734 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 nut Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Toroinal Occupational nelow Bachelor's 
Accreditation: 3NII, DA, HLTC, RS'IHT, SUBST 

02 Vice President- Dean Dr. Thomas E. Reckard 

37 Financial Aids Ccunselcr Hr. William J. Adams 

05 Director of Instruction Hr, Jerry C. Kciiser 

32 Dir of Student Services Hr. Donald E. Huff 


♦ INDIA HA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COU.EGE-NORTIICENTRAL 


1534 H Sample Street, South Bend 466 

County: Saint Joseph F. 

Telephone (2 19 ) 209-7001 Entit; 

Established 1967 
Enrollment: 1,950 

Undergraduate Tuitio: 

Control: state 

Highest Offering: 2 But Loss Than 4 
Program: Tecninal Occupational Below 
Accreditation: Nil, HAC, HLTC, SUBGT 

02 Vice President- Dean. 

05 Director, of Instruction 

10 Busineas office Hanager 

32 Director of Student Services 


Congressional District: 3 
ICE Identification: 008423 
y Number: 1 -35-1 10-0631- A4 
Coed 

n and Fees (I n-sta te) : $734 
Quarter 

Years 

Bachelor's 


Dr. Carl F. Lutz 

. Cr. Dennis A. Havkes 
Mrs. Florence skarich 
... Hr. James R. Wells 


♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE- NORTHEAST 

3800 North Anthony Blvd, Fort Wayne 46005 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Mien PICK Identification: 009926 

Telephone (2t9) 482-9171 Entity Number: 1-35-1 10-0631 -A0 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,222 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-Stnte) : $734 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 out Leas Than 4 Years 
Program: Tecninal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: Nil, HAC, RSTIIT 

02 Vice Presidon t-Doan Hr. Hearlo It. Oonica 

32 Administrator Studont Services Hr. Edward J. Heed 

05 Director of Instruction Hr. norland K. Doyler 

10 Business Hanagor... Hr. Patrick 0. Frane 


•INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE- NODTIIW EST 


1440 East 35 
County: Lake 
Telephone (2 
Esta bl ished 
Enrollment : 

Control: Sta 
Highest Offe 
Program: Ter 
Acer aditatio 
02 Vice Presid 
05 Director of 
07 Director of 
10 Business Ha 


th Avenue, Gary 46409 


09 Congressional District: 1 
FICE identification: 013145 
Entity Humber: 1-35-1 18-063 1 -A1 

Coed 


19) 961-1111 Entity Humber: 1-35-1 18-063 1 -A1 

I960 Coed 

1, 767 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $734 
te Quarter 

ring: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
ninal Occupational Below Bacholor's 
n: Nil, DIET, HAC, RSTIIT, 3URGT 

ent-Dean - Hr. Donald P, Belec 

Instruction Dr. Karter R. Blaney 

Student Services Hs. Dian H. Packard 

nager Hs. Ada Ayala 


•INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE- SOUTH CENTRAL 


Highvay 31 West, Selleraburg 47172 

Congressional District: 9 
ty: Clark PICE Identification: 010109 

phone (012) 246-3301 Entity Number: 1-35-1 18-063 1-A1 

fclished 19 60 Coea 

lament: 1,012 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $734 
col: State Quarter 

est Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
raa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
editation: Nil, MAC, S0RGT 

e President-Dean Hr. Carl P. Scott 

ector of Instruction Dr. Guy E. Brown 


Cont 
High 
Prog 
Acer 
Q2 Vic 
05 Dir 


32 Director of Student Services Hs. Deanna D. Philpott 

00 Prog coord Lrng Resrc Center Hs. Goal B . Randelia 

10 Business Manager Hr. Janes R. Wallace 

37 Director of Financial Aid as. Ann Warnan 

56 Director of Community Services Hr. Esker G. Royse 

07 Admissions Counselor Br . diaries v. Hall 

27 Director Regional Relations Hs. Kathy L. Copas 

09 Assistant Director Instruction Hr. Albert J. Bowen 

♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COL L EGE- SOOTHE AST 

First and Broadway, Madison 47250 Congressional District: 9 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 013144 

Telephone (012) 265-2579 Entity Humber: 1 -35 - 1 1 8- 0631 - B3 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment; 398 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -St ate) : $734 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: Nil, HAC 

02 Vice President-Dean Hr, Homer E. Smith 

05 Director of Instruction... Hr. Richard T. Heckman 

07 Director of Student Services Hr. Donald 1. Heiderman Jr. 

♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE-SOUTHWEST 
3501 First Avenue, Evansville 47710 

Congressional District: 8 
County; Vanderburgh FICE Identification: 009925 

Telephone (812) 426-2865 Entity Humber: 1-35- 1 16-0631-A3 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,358 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $734 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But_ Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 Vico President-Dean Hrs. Luise F. Schnakenburq 

07 Director of student Services Hrs. Joanne B. Tilmans 

05 Director of Instruction Mr, Michael E. Petty 

10 Business Manager Hr. William I. Gooason 

51 Director of Evening Division Mr. Ronald F. Stevens 

06 Registrar Mrs. Crysanne o. Hill 

08 Librarian Vacant 

37 Financial Aida Coordinator Hrs. Lois L. Austin 


♦INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLIEGE-WAEA3H VALLEY 

7377 Dixie Bee Rond, Terra Haute 47002 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Vigo FICE Identification: 008547 

Telephone (812) 299-1121 Entity Number: 1-35-H3-4937-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,104 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $734 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: Ml, MAC, MLTC, PNUR, RAD 

02 Interm Doan Opec-Dir Instn Mr. Samuel Borden 

32 Director of Student Services. Dr. Carroll G. Shaver 

56 Director of Ccununity Services. Mr. Richard Nicoson 

♦ INDIANA VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE- WHITER AT ER 

2325 Chester Boulevard, Rich’mond 47374 

Congressional District: 10 
county: Wayne MCE identification: 013140 

Telephone (317) 966-2656 Entity Number: 1-35-11B-0631-B5 

Established 196a Coea 

Enrollment: 849 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees { In-State) . $734 

Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 

oalrcfJiUlSSi »r. «orman J. Sievert 

Se : : : :: : . “S^SeSlsrsSiciJi 

nn nir Learning Resource Center Ms. Pat Schmid 


00 Dir Learning Resource Center Glenn en 

10 Director of Operations Mr. lUpau Glennen 

26 Coord Regional Relations. ^Mr. J* 1 * 

37 Director Financial Aid Ms. Ann ranzto 

50 Division Head Hire* 

63 Division Head 

66 Department Mead M s * Brown 

72 Division Head Mr. Floyd Brown 



I H PI A li ft 


132 


♦INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS COLLEGE 


H ANCIIESTER COLLEGE 


3811 old Illinois Road, Tort Wayne 46804 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Alien FICE Identification: 004579 

Telephone (219) 422-1511 Entity Number: 1-25- 120-1315-A5 

Established 1809 Coed 

Enrollnent: 413 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,750 

Control: Organized, as Profit Making Other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 President Vacant 

05 Administrative Director Mr. C. J. F. Boudreaux 

07 Admissions Manager........ Hr. Jim Zillman 

06 Registrar Ms. Karen Smith 

36 Placement Director Mrs. Linda Shank 

37 Financial Aid Director..... Ms. Carlene Cripe 

55 Evening School Director... Ms. Jane Anspaugh 

ITT EDUCATION AI SEHVICES 

11 S LincolD Park Drive, Evansville 47714 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Vanderburgh FICE Identification: 007326 

Telephone (012) 479-1441 Entity Number: 1-36-206-131 1-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 170 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,905 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: EN-GT , NATTS 

01 Center Director .. Mr. Donald E. Milks 

36 Placement Director Ms. Cloe Ann Plate 

37 Financial Aid Adiinistrator Mr. O. Edward Lamb 

ITT TECHNICAL-BUSINESS INSTITUTE 

1720 East 38th Street, Indianapolis 46218 

Congressional District: 11 
County: Marion FICE Identification: 007329 

Telephone (317) 545-2231 Entity Number: 1-36-206- 131 1-B1 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,183 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,000 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB, HAT1S 

01 Director Me. Alphonse V. Guimont 

05 Director of Education Hr. Larry L. Graphican 

07 Director Student Recruitment «r. Cor.ald H. Ritterskamp 

37 Finance Manager Mr. Charles R . Chase 

ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

1415 Profit Drive, Fort Wayne 46808 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Allen FICE Identification: 000329 

Telephone (2 19) 404-4 107 Entity Number: 1-36-206-131 1-A3 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 240 Undergraduate Tuitlcn and Fees: $3,650 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: natts 

01 Area Manager-Director William C. Fennelly 

03 Assistant Director Connie S. Welborn 

05 Director of Education Jack Cozad 

10 Finance Manager Robert D. Hammond 

L0CKYEAR COLLEGE 

209-221 N W 5th Street, Evansville 47706 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Vanderburgh FICE Identification: 004580 

Telephone (8 12) 425-81 57 Entity Nuttber: 1-35-04 7-6370-A1 

Established 10 93 CoQd 

Enrollment: 576 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,725 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But tees Than 4 years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB 

02 5* c . B ! a y r!; b ;iShe5i 

07 Vice Pres and Dir Admissions III “ Rebel 

05 Academe Coordinator. v Pirkriii 

° a gff “ :::::: i: « 

Go Recjistrax«» -» ci 

10 Business Manager \' m !** " Robert Morris 

71 Director of Special Education l.^oehm 


North Manchester 46962 Congressional Dir.tiici- 2 

County: Wabash FICE Identification; ooifllO 

Telephone (219) 982-2141 Entity Number: 1-35-08h-(t'2?-A2 

Established 1899 Cood 

Enrollment: 1,237 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $3,200 

Affiliation: Church of the Brethren g.l.u 

Highest Offering: Master’s 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, MUS, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. A. Blair llolavr* 

04 Asst to Pres Inst.nl Research Dr. William i. scott 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Robert S, Kollo! 

08 Librarian Mr. J. Allen Will»o r t 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Doraleen Scheotz-liotlar 

06 Registrar Hr. Robert li. p»i n o 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Dale e. McCauley 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Stanley n. Kscott 

34 Assistant Dean of Students Hiss Anita H. HlLLor 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Richard M, DcUovo 

36 Dir Place-Career Development Mr. William ]|. Baglay 

10 Treasurer and Business Manager Dr. Eldon E. Pnh& 

30 Dir Pub Rel and Development Mr. James K. Garbo! 

27 Director of Publications Mr. Dennis Henoloy 

MARIAN COLLEGE 

3200 Cold Spring Road, Indianapolis 46222 

Congressional District; b 
County: Marion FICE Identification: 001821 

Telephone (317) 924-3291 Entity Number: 1-35-0fi6-l)m*Al 

Established 1051 C 0(! rt 

Enrollment: 880 Undergraduate Tuition and Fens: <2,640 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic He most or 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation; Nil, TED 

01 President Dr. Louis C. ditto 

05 Dean Acad Aff-Dir Eve Division Sr. Margarotta Black 

10 Bus Manager and Controller Col. L, W. vawr 

30 Dir Develop and Col Relations Mr. Alan G. Uisln jc. 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. William II. Wocdaan 

06 Registrar Sr. M. Rachnl .'jrhuU<> 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Kevin II. Ilyin 

00 librarian Sr. M. The rone Nonto 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Paul (i. Fur 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hiss Denioo H. Ilitnnin 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Dan K. Stock we 11 

♦MAPI0N COLLEGE 

4201 S Washington Street, Marion 46952 

Congressional District: 5 
County; Grant FICE Identification) 0011122 

Telephone (317) 674-6901 Entity Number: 1-35-0811-5591-11 

Established 1920 CoaiI 

Enrollment: 1,081 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: $2,(110 

Affiliation: Wasleyan Church u-i-u 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation; Nil, NUR 

01 President Dr. Robert It. Luokoy 

05 Vice Pres and Dean of College Dr. C, Maurice Duma 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer Mr. Gordon A. Young 

30 Director Instnl Advancement Mr. William L. Fcnnokin 

32 Dean of Students Mr. James p, LuHrull 

25 Dean for Academic Development Dr. Janes 0. Bnencn 

0B Director of Library Services Dr. Harold H. Boyce 

06 Director Admissions 6 Records Dr. James c. Blackburn 

09 Dir Instnl Res-Govt Relations Mr. Donald J. Cocliaa 

37 coordinator Financial Aid Miss Harriet L. Nhittonbnrg 

29 Alumni Director Mr. Michael S. Rcocbach 

27 Assoc in Instnl Advancement Hr. Jchn K. Ilcavllin 

58 Graduate Director Dr. R. Duane Thompson 

MARTIN CENTER COLLEGE 

3553 North College Avenue, Indianapolis 46205 

Congressional Districts II 
County; Marion FICE Identification: 029175 

Telephone (317) 923-5349 Entity Number: 1- 31 -097-0262-H 

Established 1977 Cofld 

Enrollnent; 14 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,250 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation; 3Nil 

01 President.......... Rev. Boniface Hardin 

04 Admin Assistant to President Ms. Jenny Austin 



133 


INDIANA 


05 Academic Dean.... 

05 Reg is tear. 

07 Admissions Officer 

10 Business Officer 

30 Dir Institutional Advancement 

37 Financial Aid Officer 

38 Educational Advisor 


Dr. Eileen Koess 

... Hr. Jesse J. Rogers 

• Hr. James Nixon 

... Hr. Charles Russell 
Mr. Edwin F. llallenbeck 
... Mr. Frederick Slack 
Hr. Benjamin Bcashears 


RSNNONITE BIBLICAL SEMINARY 

3003 Benham Avenue, Elkhart 46514 Congressional District: 3 
County: Elkhart FICE identification: 001023 
Telephone (219) 255-3726 Entity Number: 1-36-218-2067-A1 
Established 19 65 Coed 
Enrollment: 63 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO 
Affiliation: General Conference Menncnite Church 4-1-6 
Highest offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 


Program: Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, TIIEOL 

01 President Dr. Henry Poettcker 

05 Intern Dean-Dit Inst Mennonite Dr. Willard Svartley 

06 Registrar Dr- Neyburn W. Groff 

10 Business Manager Hr. Virgil Claassen 

OB Librarian Dr. Paul Hoten 

26 Director of Public Relations Rev. Jacob 11. Pretz 


10 

06 

25 

32 

30 

06 

07 

08 
34 
29 
37 
27 
36 
14 

53 
«9 
65 
72 
59 
50 
74 

54 
67 
67 
58 


Exec Vice Pres and Treasurer.. 
Exec Asst to the president.... 
Vice Pres Fes-Dean Grad School 
Vice Pres Student Services.... 
Vice President for Development 

Registrar 

Director of Admissions 

Director University Libraries. 

Dean of Students 

Exec Sec of Alumni Association 
Director of Financial Aids.... 
Assoc Dir Public Information.. 
Dir of Placenent Services..... 
Director of Computing Center., 
Director of Teacbar Education. 
Dean Sch Humanities-Soc Sci Ed 
Dean of the school of Science. 
Dean of School of Technology.. 
Dean Sch Consumer 8 Fan Sci... 

Dean School of Management 

Dean Sch Veterinary Hedicine.. 
Dean Schools of Engineering... 
Dean of School of Agriculture. 
Dean Schs Phar-llur s-Hlth Sci.. 
Dean of the Graduate School... 


. Dr. Frederick R. Ford 

Dr. John V. Hicks 

... Dr. Struther Arnott 
Dr. William J. Fischang 
....... Dr. John S. Day 

. Dr. Betty H. Suddarth 
.. Mr. James P. Kraynak 
. Hr. Joseph H. Dagnese 
... Cr. Barbara I. Cook 
. Mr. F. Joseph Rudolph 
... Hr. Donald S. Holec 
. Mr. Charles J. Leslie 
Hr. Flichard A. Stewart 

Dr. Saul Rosen 

.... Dr. Robert B. Kane 
. . Dr. Eobert L. Ringel 
.... Dr. Allan H. Clark 
. Dr. George W, HcHelly 
.. Dr. Hocna H. Compton 
.... Dr. Keith V. Smith 
.. Dr. Jack J. Stockton 
... Cr. John C. Hancock 
.. Dr. Bernard J. Liska 
Dr. Varro E. Tyler Jr. 
Vacant 


t MI E-AH ERIC A CCLLEGI OF FUNBRAL SERVICE 

3111 Hamburg Pike, Jeffersonville 471Q0 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Clarke PICE Identification: 010616 

Telephone (812) 2EG-807U Entity Number: 1-25-040-8680-A1 

Established 19 05 Coed 

Enrollment: 71 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,425 

Control: organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: FUSER 

01 President Hr. John R. Braboy 

06 Registrar. Ms. Pauline 8. Cooper 

33 Dean of Students Mr. Richard D. Nelson 


OAKLAND CITY COLLEGE 

Lucretia Street, Oakland city 47660- 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Gibson PICE Identification: 001824 

Telephone (6 12) 749-4701 Entity Number: 1-35-086-9063- A1 

Established 1005 , c ?ed 

Enrollment: 545 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,406 

Affiliation: Baptist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. James V. Murray 

26 Executive Vice President Dr. Richard V. Beesley 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Presley W. Pendergrass 

10 Business Manager. Ms. Ranel Eskev 

06 Registrar Ms. Peggy L. Warnsman 

32 Dean of Student Affairs...... Ms. Paula A. Pendergrass 

08 Librarian Hiss ulah Wilder 

36 Director of Placement Ms. Mildred HcDannel 

30 Dir Pub Rel and Development Mr. Jack Tichenor 


PURDUE UNIVERSITY 
•CENTRAL OFFICE 

West Lafayette 47907 Congressional District: 2 

County: Tippecanoe FICE Identification: 007888 

Telephone (317) 74S-8111 Entity Number: 1-35-600-2041-A2 

01 President......... Dr. Arthur G. Hansen 


•PURDUE UNIVERSITY KAIN CAMPUS 

Nest Lafayette 47907 Congressional Districts 2 

County; Tippecanoe FICB Identification; 001825 

Telephone (317) 749-81 11 Entity Number: 1 -35-600-204 1-A1 

Established 1869 Coea 

Enrollment: 31,990 - 

Undergraduate Tuition and Eees(In-State) : $1,008 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, ADVET, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, DIET, ENG, 
EHGT, FIDER, FOR, LSAR, NOR , PHAR, SP, TED, VET 

01 President. ......v.V. Dr. Arthur G. Hansen 

05 Exec Vice Pres and provost. Dr. Felix Haas 


♦PURDUE UNIVERSITY CALUMET 


Hammond 46323 Congressional District: 1 

County: Lake FICE Identification: 001627 

Telephone (219) 844-0520 Entity Number: 1-35-600-2041-A5 

Established 1943 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,630 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $900 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Hasten 1 s But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, BNGT, HUB, TED 

02 chancellor Hr. Richard J . Combs 

04 Exec Asst to the Chancellor Dr. John w. My beck 

10 Vice Chanc Adminv Services Hr. Gary II. Newsom 

06 Registrar Mr. A. L. Lawson 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John P. Fruth 

08 Director of Library Services Hr. Bernard II. Ilolicky 

27 Information Officer Mr. Davia Samuels 

38 Dir Counsel 6 Developtl Progs Dr. waltee Douglas 

14 Dir Data System and Services Mr. Walter E. Minor 

30 Director University Relations Mr. William T. Hewsey Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. David P. Konzelmann 

15 Personnel and Payroll Manager.. -• Nt. Thomas F. Ryan 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Hr. William R. Wright 

49 Dean School of llum-Bd-Soc Sci... Dr. A. D. Sander 

54 Dean Sch Engr-Hanagenant-Techn Dr. Roy V. Reach 

66 Dean school of Science-Nursing Di. Larry s. Johnson 


♦PURDUE UNIVERSITY NORTH CENTRAL CAMPUS 


Westville 46391 
County: Lb Porte 
Telephone (219) 785-2541 
Established 1943 
Enrollment: 2,015 

Undergraduate 

Control: State 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year 
Program: Terminal occupational 
and General 

Accreditation: HR, ADNUR 
02 Chancellor 
10 Vice Chanc Bus Admin Services 
15 Personnel-Purchasing Director 

06 Begstr 6 Financial Aid Officer 
08 Acting Librarian 
32 Student Affairs officer 
14 Computer Center Director 
05 Vice Chancellor Academic 

07 Admissions Officer 


Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification: 001826 
Entity Number: 1-35-600-2041-A3 

coed 


Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $378 
Semester 

Baccalaureate 

Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 


Dr. William P. Fuller 
. Hr, G. William Back 
Hr. Michael M. Doxey 
Hr. George H. Royster 
. . . Hs. Nancy H. Spak 
. Mr. John T. Coggins 
, Hr. Dale I. Stewart 
Dr. Robert F. Schwarz 
. Mr. Bill L. Barnett 


+ROSE-HULHAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

5500 Wabash Avenue, Terre Haute 47803 , 

Congressional District: 7 

countv- Vico FICE Identification: 001830 

Telephone (81 2) 877-1511 Entity Number: 1-35-0 86-81 49-A1 

Emollient? 1^235 Undergraduate Tuition and M * s * 

Control: Indepandent Nonprofit u 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 

'• «■“«' 





IMpiiHi, 


134 


05 Tice Pees for Academic Affairs.... Duane F. Bruley 

30 Tice President for Development Ronald G. Reeves 

10 Tice Pres for Admin 6 Finance... Rayoond J. Miller 

06 Registrar.... Louis w. Hardening 

07 Dean of Admissions Duncan C. Murdoch 

36 Dir Place Serv-ccrporate Hel William W. Sisson 

08 Director of the library.... Herman Cole Jr. 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Jess R. Lucas 

27 Director Information Services Kent Harris 

29 sec-Tceas Alumni Association Anthony G. Blake 

14 Director of Computer center Bruce R. Danner 

56 Dir Res and Graduate Studies James D. Gibson 


♦ SAINT P8AHC1S COLLEGE 

2701 Spring Street, Port Wayne 46808 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Allen F1CE Identification: 001832 

Telephone (219) 432-3551 Entity Humber: 1-35-088-6846-A1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,364 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,916 

Affiliation: Roaan Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Eoctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Hli, SW, TED 

01 President Sc. M. Joellen Scheetz 

05 Acadeaic Dean Sr. M. Barbara Cison 

10 Business Manager Hr. John Kessen 

30 Dir Develop and Fublic Affairs Mr. F. Lauren Griffith 

06 Registrar Sr. Rita Clare Taylor 

07 Director Adiissicns Miss Rebecca Kohrman 

26 Director Public Relations Hrs. Janet Cady 

08 Librarian Sr. Mary Ann McManus 

37 Dir Student Aff-Financial Aid Hr. Stephen Sullivan 

33 Dean of Men.......... Dr. James Pictoc 

34 Dean of women Sr. H. Aloysius Albert 

36 Director of Placement Ec. Stanley Prankewich 

58 Director of Graduate School Dr. Louis Ross 


SAI1IT JOSEPH'S COLLEGE 


•Rensselaer 47978 Congressional District: 2 

Ccunty: Jasper FICE Identification: 001833 

Telephone (219) 866-7111 Entity Number: 1-35-086-8152-A1 

Established 1889 Coed 

Enrollment: 950 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,180 

Af filiation : Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President Rev. Charles H. Banet 

04 Executive Tice President Rev. Bernard Melting 

05 Vice Pres Acad Student Affairs Dr. Robert J. Garcity 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. James E. Thatcher 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. William Craig 

06 Registrar Rev. Charles J. Robbins 

08 Librarian Hr. Robert J. Vigeant 

32 Dear of student Services Sr . Karen Ccaig 

36 Director of Placement Hrs. Virginia Marzke 

14 Director of computer CeDter Dr. William Terbrugge 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. David Hoover 

38 Director of Guidance Lawrence Vyen 


SAINT MART'S COLLEGE 


Notre Dame 46556 Congressional District; 3 

County: Saint Joseph PICE identification: 001836 

teutuJEea !aU EDtity Nuibec! 1 - 3 5-O06-ai58-A1 

c« ■»' 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation; NH, Aar, IMUS, NOR, TED 1 

to Controller I .. J **’**** 

t J 

07 Director of AdmissIo^I !! ! I : ] I .* “ i". f; Elisa BrS 

os 

29 Dir of Alumnae Relations Ms. Leslil“ 

i? . Ka th il^ 


SAINT MARY-OF-THB-WOODS COLLEGE 


Saint Mary-Of -The-Woods 47876 Congressional District; 7 

County: Vigo FICE Identification: 001035 

Telephone (812) 535-414 1 Entity Number: 1-35- 1 06- 5063- A 1 

Established 1041 Wonen 

Enrollment: 559 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2, 970- 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, MUS 

01 President Sc, Jeanne Knoorlo 

05 Academic Vice President Sr. Ruth Eileen Dwyer 

30 Vice President of Development Sr. Jean Fuqua 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Sr. Alice Ann fihinesmith 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Ms. sue Reitz 

07 Dean of Admissions Sr. Tereslna Grasso 

0B Administrator of the Library Sr. Emily Walsh 

06 Registrar Hr. Charles Watson 

26 Director of College Relations Mr. Camille Fife 

29 Exec Sec Alumnae Association Sr. Marie B. Harvey 


♦SAINT HEINRAD COLLEGE 


Saint Meinrad 47577 Congressional District: fl 

County: Spencer FICE Identification: 001037 

Telephone (812) 357-661 1 Entity Number: 1-35-006-016 1-A2 

Established 1057 Men 

Enrollment: 210 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,700 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prograo: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President and Rector Rev. Thomas Ostdlck 

03 Vice Rector Rev. Gregory Chamberlin 

05 Academic Dean Rev. Damian Schmolz 

32 Coordinator of Student Life Rev. Aurolius Boberek 

06 Registrar Bto. Brendan Cassidy 

08 Librarian Rev. Simeon Daly 

30 Director of Development Hr. John MacCauley 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer Rav. Rupert Ostdick 

29 Alumni Secretary Rev. Eric Lies 

38 Spiritual Director Rev. Robert Sldner 


SAINT MBINRAD SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 


Saint Heinrad 47577 
County: spencer 
Telephone (8 12) 357-6522 
Established 1861 
Enrollment: 161 Und 

Affiliation: Reman Cathclic 
Highest Offering: Master's; no 
P rogram: Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, THEOL 
01 President-Rector 

05 Dean 

10 Business Manager 

06 Registrar. 

08 Librarian 

38 Director of Guidance 

33 Dean of Hen 

09 Dir of Institutional Research. 
30 Dir Public Rel and Development 
29 Director of Alumni Association. 

07 Director of Recruitment 

37 Director Student Financial Aid 

45 Chief Planning Officer 

71 Director of Summer Session.... 


Congressional District: 0 
FICE Identification: 007276 
Entity Number: 1-35-0 86- B 1 6 1- A 1 

Hon 

ergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

4-1-4 

Undergraduates 


Rev. Daniel Buechlein 
.... Rev. Ephrem Carr 

Bro. Luke llodoo 

. . Mrs. Katie Etienne 
.... Rev. Simeon Daly 
. Rev. Paul Scaglione 
. Rev. Richard Hindcl 
.. Rev. Theodore Hack 
.. Mr. John HacCauley 
. . . . Hr. Paul Stabile 
Rev. Jonathan Fassero 
. Hrs. Helen Hagedorn 
... Dr. Bernard Scott 
... Sc. Mary Caroline 


TAYLOR UNIVERSITY 

Upland 46989 Congressional District; 5 

county: Grant FICE identification: 001838 

Telephone (317) 998-2751 Entity Humber: 1-35-Q06-B1 Q1-A 1 

Established 1846 CoQ d 

Enrollment: 1,558 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,544 

control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, TED 

Resident or. Milo A. Rediger 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Robert D. Pitts 

03 Executive Vies President Dr. Gregg 0. Lehman 

nn n* tec J or of Records Mrs. Carmen 1. Taylor 

08 Director of tne Library Hiss Alice K. Holcombe 

£f an Students hc. Charles R, daggers 

Z5 Directbr of Research Dc . Ronald L. Kellor 

Vu ®“ eo |; ot °l Financia l Aid Mt. Thomas H . Ayers 

ns n<5 eC 5° E °f CaB P u ting Services Hr. John E. Kastelein 

vn ni ®o t0C Teacher Placement Mrs. Marian Kendall 

0 Dir car Planning and Placement Mr. Thomas A. Davis 



135 


INDIANA 


TSI-STATE UNIVERSITY 

Angola 46783 Congressional District: 4 

County: Steuben FICE Identification: 001039 

Telephone 1219) 665-3141 Entity Number: 1- 35-07 1-5530-A 1 

Established 1884 Coed 

Enrolloent: 1,261 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,060 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Prog. ran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ENG 

gt President - . Dr. Carl ii. Elliott 

05 Senior Vice President Dr. Williaa V. ilill 

10 Vice President and Treasurer Mr. Billy E. Sunday 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Ms. B. Anne Lovelady 

30 Vice Pre3 for Development Mr. James E. Bourke 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Kent D. Hyers 

08 Director of the library ' Hrs. Enriqueta G. Taboy 

36 Director of Career center Mr. Leo F. Kuhn 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Robert C. Bowman 

06 Registrar .. Mr. Hilton F. Woody 

27 Dir University Information Mr. Michael J. Maloney 

29 Director of Alurani Activities.... Mr. Jchn c. McBride 

36 Associate Dean of Students Mr. Theron G. Lansford 

51 Director continuing Education Hr. Edward J. Nagle 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Gerald H. Seeley 

50 Dean Business Administration... Dr. Donald N. Soderherg 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Jack J. Hortrup 


UNIVERSITY OF EVANSVILLE 

P 0 Box 329, Evansville 47702 Congressional District: 8 

County: Vanderburgh FICE Identification: 001795 

Telephone (812) 477-6241 Entity Number: 1-35-086-8074-A1 

Established 1854 Coed 

Enrollment: 4, 890 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,249 

Affiliation: United Methodist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NEI, ADNUR, ENG, MUS, NUR, PTA A , RAD, SH, TED 

01 President Dr. Wallace E. Graves 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Malcolm El. Forbes 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs.' Dr. Frank S. McKenna 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs.... Hr. Thornton B. Patberg 

30 vice President of Development Mr. James w . Ladd 

Q6 Registrar..... Mr. Kenneth II. Jones 

07 Director of Admissions.... Mr. John H. Cberhelman 

08 university librarian Dr. Grady P. Horein 

45 Exec Asst to Pces-Instnl Plan Dr. Robert F. Garnett 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. B. James Dawson 

36 Director for Placement Mr. Ralph L. Hanna 

38 Director of Counseling Center Mr. David E. Brownlie 

14 Dir Admin v Data Processing Mr. Manfrea K . Schauss 

56 Dean Col Alternative Programs Dr. Roger sublett 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Dr. Samuel E. Longmire 

50 Dean Business Ad ninistration Dr. Gary A. Lynch 

53 Dean of Education... . Dr. Ronald E. Goldenbecg 

54 Dean of Engr-Applied Sciences. Dr. John R • Tooley 

57 Dean of Fine ArtB Dr. Fatrick D. McDonough 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Lois J. Merrill 

58 Dean of the Graduate Division Dr. Ronald E. Goldenbecg 

UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DA MB 

Notre Dame 46556 Congressional District: 3 

County; Saint Joseph FICE Identification: 001840 

Telephone (2 19) 283-601 1 Entity Number: 1-35-006-81 0Q-A1 

Established 1042 coed 

Enrolloent: 0,768 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,630 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ARCH, BUS, COPSY, ENG, IAN, #MUS, TIIEOL 
0 1 President...... Rev. Theodore H. Ilesburgh 

05 Provost...... Dt. 0. Timothy O'Meara 

03 Executive vice President Rev. Edmund P. Joyce 

30 Vice Pres Pub Rel-Development Dr. Janes W. Frick 

50 Vice Pres for Advanced Studies Dr. Robert E. Gordon 

04 Vice Pres and General Counsel......... Er. Philip J. Faccenaa 

32 Vice pres for student Affairs Rev. John l. Van Volvlear 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs.-. Mr. Thomas Mason 

33 Dean of Students . ., Mr. James A. Roemer 

45 Dean of Administration Mr. leo M. Corbaci 

06 Registrar He. Richard J. Sullivan 

07 Dir Adais and Scholarships.... Mr. John T. Goldrick 

00 Director of Libraries Mr. Robert C. Miller 

15 Director of Perscnnei. Mr. G. Thomas Eull 

25 Asst Vice Pres for Research.... Dr. Francis M. Kobayashi 

29 Exec Sec of Alumni Association. ......... . Mr. Joseph Mulligan 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mr. Joseph A. Russo 

36 Director of Placement.. ............... Hr. Richard J. willemin 


14 



38 



09 



27 

51 

71 

Director Public Information 

Dean of Continuing Education 


50 

6 1 

Actg Dean Bus Administration 


54 



49 



00 

Dean of Science 



VALPARAISO UNIVERSITY 

Valparaiso 46383 Congressional District: 2 

County: Porter FICE Identification: 001842 

Telephone (219) 464-5000 Entity Number: 1-35-086-81 25- A1 

Established 1859 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,531 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,672 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church-H issouti Synod Semester 

highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
professional 

Accreditation; Nil , ENG, LAW, MUS, N4R, SW, TED 
01 President.... Dr. Robert U. Schnabel 

05 Vice Pres for Acad Affairs Dr. Richard P. Baepler 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Fred W. Kruger 

32 Vice pres Student Affairs Dr. Daryll D. ilersemann 

29 Vice Pres Pub 6 Alumni Affairs Mr. Richard P. Koenig 

06 Registrar Paul E. Thune 

07 Director of Admissions Warren Muller 

08 Director of Libraries Edwin Johnson 

33 Dean of Men Robert E. Schroar 

34 Dean of Women Dolores Ruosch 

14 Director of Computer Center Homan L, Hughes 

09 Dir Fac Res 5 Instnl Studies Gary A. Greinke 

71 Dir of Continuing Education James A. siebert 

73 Dean of Christ College^.. Dr. Aclin G. Meyer 

49 Dean of Col Arts and Sciences Vacant 

61 Dean of the School of Law Charles A. Ehren 

54 Dean College of Engineering. Dr. James scuoggin 

58 Dean Col of Business Admin Dr. Richard H. Laube 

66 Dean College of Nursing Hrs. Dorothy Paulsen Smith 

VINCENNES UNIVERSITY 

1002 North First Street, Vincen.nes 47591 

Congressional District: 8 
county: Knox FICE identification: 001843 

Telephone (012) 882-3350 Entity Number: 1 -35-600-4 1 37-A 1 

Established 1001 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,444 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $810 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, FUSER, PNUR, PTA A, HSTH 
01 President Or. Phillip H. Summers 

05 Vice Pres Instnl Services Dr- J. Edward Klinkec 

06 Vice pres for Student services. Mr. Jerry W. Gegenheioar 

26 Vice Pres Community Services Hr. Gary shepherd 

10 Vice Pres Finance C Treasurer Hr. Fobert J. 5 tryzinskl 

13 Dir Kgat Information Center..... Mr, Carl Kcenig 

84 Assistant to the President Mrs. Gazella A. Summitt 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Tim Weaver 

00 Dir of Lrng Resource Center..... Mr. Robert Slayton 

27 Director of Public Relations..... Mrs. Barbara De Boer 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid..;.... Mr. David Phillippe 

36 Dir Career Counsel-Placement Mr, Gordon A. Goodman 

87 Director of Admissions......... Mr. Stephen N. Simonds 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Robert H. Relson 

38 Director of student Counseling. Dr. Walter Abendcoth 

49 Associate Dean of Academic Ed... Mr. Dale Dowden 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Mr . Ted Lane 

75 Assoc Dean of Occupational Ed...... Mr. Bill Spence 


WABASH COLLEGE 

301 West Wabash, Crawfotdsville 47933 , 1 

Congressional District: / 

County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 

Telephone (317) 362-1400 Entity Number: 1-35-086-8202- A i 

Established 1832 . 

Enrollment; 805 undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $4,100 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: NH ' 

Dr« Lewis S* Salter 

05 Dean of th^Conegel' 1 T. Victor H. PovelL 
10 Financial Officer Hr. William B. Degitz 



IHDJMi 


J36. 


32 Dean o£ Students Mr. Norman C. Moore 

30 Dir Develop and Public Affairs Hr. William Stout 

06 Registrar Dr. Theodore Bedrick 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Paul N. Garaan 

37 Dir student Jinan Aid-Hogsing Hr. Oases E. Baer 

08 Librarian..., Mr. Larry J. Frye 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. David Maharry 

36 Director for Career Services Cr. Robert C. Pebvorth 

29 Director tor Aluani Affairs Mr. Robert R. Mitchua 

27 Dir Revs Bureau t Publications Hr. Bradford B. Boyd 


A. 8. 7, TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

425 East 59th Street, Davenport 52807 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Scott FICE Identification: 029188 

Telephone (319) 386-3570 Entity Hunber: 1-42-1 01-6923-A1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 50 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,500 

Ccntrol: Independent Monprofit Seoester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: MATTS 

0 1 President.. Hr. Charles Haailton Jr. 

Oo Chief Academic officer Mrs. Maryann Haailton 

♦AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF BUSINESS 

25(50 Fleur Drive, Oes Moines 50321 Congressional District: 4 
County: Polk PICE identification: 003963 

Telephone (515) 244-4221 Entity Number: 1-42-068-1067-A1 

established 1921 coed 

Enrollment; 961 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,905 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lees Than 4 Years 
Progcan: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB 

14 Director Computer center "David 

32 Director of Student Activities Nancie Vitteob^Sh 

J6 Director of Student Placement Ed store! 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Battle 

AQUIMAS INSTITUTE OF THEOiCGY 

Sa °°' . District: 2 

lulullul.'lL; c.ttcuc «***" '«»=“« 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 

AcSed!! M b6ral Arts and Gene “l; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, THE0L 

01 President.... ........ .. L .„ 

05 Dean and Ad.issicns Office! \ " “’Z * S®®!"* 9 * 0 

10 Director of Finarcial Affairs. sJ l' HC19ht 

06 Registrar Sr- La donna Kassmeyer 

08 Director of library’services Caro1 Gibbons 

............. Hr. Duncan Btockvay 

BRIAR CLIFF COLLEGE 

3303 Rebecca Street, Sioux City 51104 

County: Woodbury PiCE D TdPnf ?5“ al * ? istcict! 6 

L\1&r;& 279 - 5321 ^titrliSS^fS!}?!!,?;!. 8 !? 

Affiliation: *fto*an '•«* «?Bo 

V Gar Bac “l a « aa te ° ther 

Acer edit at lons^NH^sv M * 6aMMl » Teacher 

01 President... 

, V f ce President 6 Acadeaic ’oaan! .*** ' “* C ~ acl * s J * BeDSiar > 
10 Vice President 6 Treasurer. „ Sc ‘ Ba rgaret Sick 

07 Director of Admissions, . . . 1 Br * Bruce »• Wiese 

06 Registrar. ... Nr ' J aies j. Hoffman 

08 Librarian. ••••»..... Ms. Genece Quinn 

32 Vice Pres Exec Cit-Deveiatlln* S .‘ Joanice Theobald 

or. John A. Nieiann 


BUENA VISTA COLLEGE 

Storm Lake 50588 Congressional District : * 

County: Buena Vista FICE Identification: 001A47 

Telephone (712) 749-2351 Entity Number: 1-42-06B-0U04-A 1 

Fstatlished 1891 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,283 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,710 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. q- 1 -u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; leacner Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, TED 

01 President Dr. Keith G. Briscoe 

10 Vice President for Business Hr. William p, Irons 

06 Registrar Hr. Paul L. Shafer 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Kent HcElvania 

08 Librarian Dr. Barbara Palling 

05 Exec Vice Pres-Dean of Paculty Dr. Pcedetic n. Drown 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Bernadine sikorski 

30 Vice Pres for Estate Planning Hr. J. Robert Slefor 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Scott c. Stevenson 

CENTRAL UNIVERSITY OF IOWA 

812 University, Pella 50219 Congressional District: 4 

County: Harion FICE Identification: 001950 

Telephone (515) 628-4151 Entity Number: 1 -42 - 068-03 44 - A 1 

Established 1853 Cood 

Enrollment: 1,539 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,604 

Affiliation: Reformed Church in America Other 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President Dr . Kenneth J. Keller 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Harold Kolenbcandcr 

10 Vice President for Business Hr. Robert c. Froellch 

08 Librarian Hr . char 

lea Ferry 

06 Regstr-Dir Instnl Research Hr. ftudv Thioa 

07 Dean of Admis 6 Financial Aid Hr. James Brandi 

30 Vice Pres for Development Hr. Gary Tiaaer 

36 Director of Placement Services Hr. Jamas Henderson 

21 Director of Publicity Mrs. Barbara sagravcm 

29 Alumni Secretary Mrs. Jeannette veroeoc 

Btuden ^ s Affairs Hr. williati iiinqa 

34 Associate Dean of Students Hiss Marjorie Giles 

37 Director of Pinancial Aid Mr. Gary Dickson 

CLARKE COLLEGE 

1550 Clarke Drive, Dubuque 52001 Congressional District: 2 

*2l22«n2 U 5Si« c no FICE Identification: 001652 

Telephone (319) 508-6300 Entity Number: 1 -42-060-0406- A i 

Established 1843 Cood 

666 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; S3. 100 

Affiliation: Roaan Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's semester 

^Professional 1 ArtS and GenHral! Teacher Preparatory; 
Accreditation: NH, IMUS, SW, TED 

05 Academician” Dr * Henftve Dunhan 

10 Treason? " Ruains* * " u Sr - "• Kathleen HuLlln 

ireas ana Business Hanaaer « 

SSESSESi-satak:::: 

uu Dir Institutional Research Sc . Marv A Healov 

36 Director of Placement- '• L ' nal V a- ncaiey 

14 Director nf ?»!“!!' Hrs. Louise OttavX 

58 Director Graduate DivisSoS!: .* .* .* ! *. ! | ! 1 ;; . f ' £ Scores llllll 

COE COLLEGE 

Cedar Rapids 5240? 

County: Linn Congressional District: 2 

ssesrj 3 ,^."*-"" -ti5 c i.2sf i ua;sa:.s^^ 
5ssraA2L t „o.s;jr 1 ? r * dn “* 

5 I yeuI Baccalaureate 

Scctsauatioo! »i(* BUS 3 " 3 Genetal: pteparatorj 

01 President..... ... 

05 Vice Pres and Dean’of ’coileoe” I*’ le ° L * HuEsbauB 

30 Vice President for Developmlnt ? C * J ‘ Pr6St0n Col ° 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affai^J ” C * Peter 13 * Lau ? en 

06 Regstr Dir Compute? tlr ^Mr. Werner N. Snow 

08 Director Library Services Dc * John J * Jack,ab6 

37 Director of Pinanoia? Richard D. Doyle 



137 


TOW l 


29 Director Alumni Relations,. Ms. Elizabeth Slappey 

36 Dir cer Acad 6 Career Planning Hr. MacReay J. Landy 

97 Director of Admissions..... Hs. Christine Galloway 

32 Dean of Student Services Ms. lynnea flalberg 

73 Director of Church Relations Rev. Jon Galloway 

CO LI EG E OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE AND SURGERY 
3200 Grand Avenue, Des Moines 50312 

Congressional District: 4 
County; Polk FICE Identification; 001855 

Telephone ( 5 15> 274-4061 Entity Number: 1-42-073-0347-A 1 

Established 189 8 Coed 

EncollHent; 537 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

highest Offering: First Professional 
Program; Professional 
Accreditation: OSTEO 

01 President....... Dr. 0. Leonard Azneer 

05 Dean for Academic Affairs Dr. Joseph h. Walsh 

0 4 Adminv Asst to the President. Hr. Hichael E. Moore 

06 Registrar Mr. Norman w. Kladstrup 

10 Comptroller Mr. John F, Foust 

08 Head Librarian.. - Hrs. Krishna Sahu 

3 ? Director Student Financial Aid Hs. Linda n. Gazzo 

IS Director of Personnel Hr. Steve s. Dingle 

14 Director of Data Processing....... Mr. Dave R. Pierce 

26 Dir Pub Rel-Aluuni Affairs Hrs. Mary Ann Zug 

07 Director of Admissions.... Dr. Dennis L. Bates 

32 Assistant Dean Student Affairs Dr. Patricia A. Cottrille 

63 Assoc Dean Clinical Affairs Er. Robert T. Harrison 


CORNELL COLLEGE 

Mount Vernon 52314 Congressional District: 2 

County: Linn FICE Identification: 001056 

Telephone (3 19) 855-0811 Entity Number: 1-42-068-0335-M 

Established 1053 Coed 

Enrollment: 898 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $4,450 

Control: Independent Nonprofit other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, HUS 

01 President.... Dr. Philip B. Secor 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Robert P. Lewis 

10 YLce Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Charles H. Cochran 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Susan G. Ccim 

30 Director of Development Hr. Richard W. Potter 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Frank G. Krivo 

06 Registrar Mr. Charles J. Milhauser 

08 Librarian...... Mr. Stuart A. stiffler 

29 Alumni Director Hr. Robert F. Majors 

26 Public Information Director Mr. James II. Day 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Barron Bceoiner 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Vincent T. Ilylbak 

37 student Financial Aid Director Mrs. Zelda ll. Hinish 

36 student Placement Director.,... Ms. Patricia A. Chasse 

51 Dean Cont e Instrl Education Dr. John B. Bury 


DES KOIKES AREA COMMUNITY C0LLBGE 
20 06 Ankeny Boulevard, Ankeny 50021 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Polk FICE Identification: 000735 

Telephone <515) 964-6200 Entity Number: 1-42-092-6354-A 1 

Established 19 66 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,451 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tate) : $539 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: «H, DA, DH, MAC, MLTAD, MLTC , PNUR, RSTH 
01 President Mr. Paul Lowery 

05 Vice Pr6sident feu Instruction Mr. Carroll Bennett 

10 Vice pres Business Management Mr. Eugene Snyders 

32 Vice President Student Life Mr. Leonard Bengtson 

30 Arst to Pres Res-De velopment. .. Dr. Richard Byerly 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Charles Wright 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles Baugous 

06 Registrar....... Mr. Lynn Albrecht 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mrs. Macalee Frazee 

26 Director ColLege Relations Mr. Tom Clarkson 

06 Dean of Media Services Hr. Eldon Walton 

36 Director of Placement ... Mr. Curt Vandivier 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Wilfred Von Hayr 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences......... Hr. Gary Wilcox 

SI Dean Ad S Continuing Education.... Mr. Nick Bellizzi 
75 Dean of Career Education... Mr. Harold Gama 


DIVINE WORD COLLEGE 

South Center Avenue, Epworth 52045 Congressional District: 2 
County: Dubuque FICE Identification: 00185B 

Telephone (319) 876-3354 Entity Number: 1-42- 078- 0226-A 1 

Established 1910 Hen 

Enrollment: 92 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,600 

Affiliation: Roaan Catholic Seoester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President........... Rev. Raymond 1. Quetchenbach 

06 Academic Dean and Registrar..... Rev. John J. Donaghey 

10 Business Manager.... Bro. Leonard L. Earner 

30 Development Director..... Rev. Joseph n . Simon 

37 Financial Aid Director Hr. Wilhelm D. Eck 

08 Librarian Rev. John A. Tra 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Edvard J. Peklo 

07 Dean Admis-Vocational Frocoter Rev. Randall T. rtcGraw 


DORDT COLLEGE 

Sioux Center 51250 Congressional District: 6 

County: Sioux FICE Identification: 001859 

Telephone (712) 722-3771 Entity Number: 1-42-077-2559-A1 

Established 1955 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,218 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,050 

Affiliation: Christian Reformed Church Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Rev. Bernard J. naan 

06 Vice pres Acad Aff- Registrar Dr. Douglas C. Ribbens 

10 Vice President for Business Hr. Bernard De Wit 

08 Librarian Miss Hester HoLlaar 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs. Rev. John Hulst 

30 Vice Pres for Development Mr. Lyle Glitters 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Howard Hall 


DRAKE UNIVERSITY 

25 th St 6 University Ave, Des Heines 503 11 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Polk FICE Identification: 001860 

Telephone (515) 271-2011 Entity Humber: 1 -42-068-0460- A1 

Established 1881 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,502 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 54,060 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, ART, BUS, JOUR, LAW, HUS, PtlAR, TED 


01 

05 

10 



Vice Pres Acad Administration 

Vice PreB Business and Pinance... 


32 

Vice Pres for Student Life 
































51 


. ... Dr. Philip D. Langerman 












50 

Dean Business Administration 








57 

Dean of Pine Arts 

.... Dr. Julius E. Erlenbach 


EASTERN IOWA COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

2804 Eastern Avenue, Davenport 52B03 , , 

Congressional District: ^ 
County: Scott PICE Identification: 004075 

Telephone (319) 322-5015 Entity Number: I' 4 2 *99 2 -4 3 60 -A3 

01 superintendent-chancellor.......... Hichael E. Crawford 

03 Assoc Supt Administration.... Joh " 1 ‘ 

05 Assoc Supt Educ services Joseph H. conte 

3 0 Asst to Chanc Develop-Caty Rel.. Samuel L. stone 

10 Director of Business Services * ‘ 

15 Director of Personnel ttt 

4 5 Director Educational services..,.. Adelbert J. Purga xn 



ISSA. 


138 


•ClIHTOH COHNONIH COLLEGE 


1QQO Lincoln Boulevard, Clinton 52732. 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Clinton FICE Identification: 001853 

Telephone <319) 202-6841 Entity Number: 1-42-0 92-4364 -ft 1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 765 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $606 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Dachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Hli 

02 President......... Charles C. Spence 

05 Dean of Instruction Elizabeth C. Snyder 

32 Dean of Student Developnent Michael Jones 

07 Assoc Dean Student Development Marjorie Hageaann 

04 ftsst to Pres Cmty Education Doris Briles 

06 Peg isttar . . Ilo J. Dorsey 

37 Director Studant Financial Aid Judy Hartin 

36 Career Development G Flacement. Andrew Matonak 

08 Librarian.. ........ Vacant 


♦MUSCATINE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

152 Colorado Street, Muscatine 52761 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Muscatine PICE Identification: 001882 

Telephone (319) 263-8250 Entity Nunber: 1-42-092-4364 -A2 

Established 1929 Coed 

Enrollment: 772 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $606 
Control: State/local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: Termnal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: HH 

02 President.. Dr. Lee J. Betts 

05 Dean of Instruction Jack L. Oharah 

32 Dean of Student Development Kent Farnsworth 

06 Registrar linda Keldgord 

51. Assoc Dean Cnty Iducation Dr. Victor McAvoy 

49 Dir Instr E Learning Pesoarces Vacant 


♦SCOTT COMMUNITY C0I1EGE 

Belmont Road, Bettendorf 52722 Congressional District: 1 

County: Scott PICE Identification: 004074 

Telephone (319) 3E9-7531 Entity Number: 1-42-092-4364-A4 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,812 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $606 
control: State/Local Other 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: HD, MLTC, RAD, SURGT 


02 President. Joseph M. Conte 

32 Dean of Student Development Deborah Floyd 

08 Director of library Services Allan J. MacDonald 

07 Associate Dean c£ Admissions Allen C. Vikdal 

05 Dean of the College Kenneth A. Yowell 

04 Asst to Pres for Cmty Educ Maribelle Hedrick 

06 Registrar Linda Provance 

51 Dir Adult a.Dd Cont Education...- Vacant 


ELLSWORTH COMM UNITY COLLEGE 


1100 College Avenue, Iowa Palls 50126 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Hardin FICE Identification: 001862 

Telephone (5 15) 648-4611 Entity Humber: 1 -42-092-6714-A2 

Established 1690 Coea 

Enrollments 843 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $590 
Control: State/Local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 Dean.^... Duane R. Lloyd 

05 Director of Instruction Thomas J. Seymour 

08 Dir of ling Resource Center Mary Weeks 

32 Director of student Services Dwight L. Carlson 

06 Dir of Adaissions-Registcar pbil Rusley 


FAITH BAPTIST EIBLI COLLEGE 

1900 Northwest 4th street, Ankeny 50021 

Congressional District: 4 


County: Polk FICE Identification: 007121 

Telephone (515) 964-0601 Entity Number: 1-47-039-4397-M 

Established 1921 Coeii 

Enrollment: 530 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Teacher 
Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 


Shipp 

Gray 


01 President Dr. Gordon. L. 

05 Dean of Education Dr. Harry B. 

10 Business Manager Hr. Dennis M. Eoughman 

30 Director of Development Mr. Glenn F. Rorhbach 

32 Dean Stdnts-Dir Financial Aid Mr. Oswald H. Morley 

06 Re gist r a r- Admissions Officer Mr. David L. Stout 

00 Librarian Dr. John llartog II 

33 Dean of Hen Mr. Robert j, Bymers 

34 Dean cf Women Hiss Sharia De Graaff 


GRACELAND COLLEGE 

Lamoni 50140 Congressional District: 5 

County: Decatur FICE Identification: 001066 

Telephone (515) 784-5000 Entity Humber: 1 -42-070-71 14-A1 

Established 1895 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,343 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,275 

Affiliation: Reorganized Latter-Day Saints Church 4-1-u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, HUR, TED 

01 President Dr. Joe E. Hanna 

05 Vice Pres Acad-Dean Faculty Dr. Paul K. Edwards 

06 Dean of Admissions C Registrar Dr. James T. Closson 

08 Librarian Mrs. Volante II. Russell 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Russell M. Boyd 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Robert L. Watts 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Ralph E. Wouters 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Aff-Dean Stdnt Hr. Newell p. Yates 

30 Vice Pres Col Rel-Dir Develop Dr. Adolphus II. Edwards 


GRAND VIEW COLLEGE 

1200 Grand View Avenue, Des Moines 50316 

Congressional District: » 
County: Polk PICE Identification: 001067 

Telephone (515) 266-2651 Entity Number: 1-42-068-1049-A1 

Established 1696 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,149 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,390 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church in America Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, HUR 

01 President Mr. Karl F. Langrock 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff C Dean Col Dr. Thomas P. Fischer 

10 Vice Pres Dusiness and Finance Mu. Harry C. Jensen 

30 Vice President Development Mr. Edward A. Livingston 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions Mr. Kenneth V. Pnulsen 

08 Librarian Ms. Barbara il. Durn 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Edwin D. Ilewsinkveld 


GRINNELL COLLEGE 


Grinnell 50112 Congressional District: 1 

County; Poweshiek FICE Identification: 001068 

Telephone (515) 236-6101 Entity Number: 1-42- 068-0387-Al 

Established 1846 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,250 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,750 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President George A. Drake 

03 Executive Vice President Waldo s. Walker 

05 Dean of the Faculty Catherine Frazer 

10 Vice President and Treasurer Robert H, Anderson 

07 Director of Admissions... John Hopkins 

06 Registrar Maxine H. Paul 

08 Librarian Christopher McKee 

32 Vice Pres-Dean student Affairs Jaaas s. Tedenan 

26 Director of College Relations William Deminoff 

29 Alumni Secretary Janet German 

14 Director Computer Operations.... Mark W. Grundler 

30 Vice President for Development..... Richard T. Jenkins 


HAWKEYE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

Box 8015, Waterloo 50704 
County: Black Hawk 
Telephone (319) 296-2320 
Established 1966 
Enrollment; 1,704 

Undergraduate 


Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification: 004595 
Entity Nuaber: 1-42-092- 5362-A1 

coed 

Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $555 



io hs 


Controls state/Local 

Highest offering ; 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Pec-gran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, DA, Dll, ENGT, MLTC 
ill Superintendent 

32 director Student Services Hr. Go 

IQ Director Fiscal Affairs 

36 Aegstc-Elec Data Prcessn Coora Hr. 

36 Counsel-Place Department Dead 

33 Admissions Officer - 

CS Library Department Head Hr. 

27 Info Services Department Head Hs. 

37 Financial Aid Officer 

15 Personnel officer * - • - 

75 Dir Woe Technical Division 

51 Dir Ad and Cont Ed Division H 


IOWA STATE UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 


s; 2-Year 


Dr. John E. liawse 
rdon Fleckenstein 
.. Hr. John Allan 
Burdette Parsons 
Hr. Robert Beenfec 
. . Mr. David Pish 
Robert Chittenden 
Harion Zwirgzdas 
Hs. Shirley Perl 
. Hr. Bruce Stoll 
. Mr. Ross Thomas 
r. George Bennett 


INDIAN HILLS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

9th and College, Ottumwa 52501 Congressional District: 4 

County: Wapello F1CE Identification: 008736 

Telephone (515) 682- 8001 Entity Number: 1- 02-092-3609- A 1 

Established 19 66 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,355 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $530 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Relow Rachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
accreditation: NH, MHT, RAD 

31 President Dr- Lyle llellyec 

02 Dir Institutional Services Mr. Richard Sharp 

(4 Adaini3trative Assistant Hs. Nancy Dinkel 

05 Dean of Instruction Dt. Stephen Poort 

36 Registrar Mrs. Jackie Anderson 

07 Director Student Services Hr. Ron Oswalt 

Od Chairman Learning Resources Hr. Charles current 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Hr. Carl Radosevich 

14 Oireitor Computer Services...... Hr. David Knauer 

15 Dean Institutional Services Dr. R. Gene Gardener 

27 Coord Informational Services Hr. Lewis Deho 

30 Director of Development Hr. Robert Horrissey 

32 Chief Student Life Officer Hr. William Bernard 

30 Coord Counseling Services Hr. Don Job 

49 Director of Arts and Sciences He. David Harris 

51 Dir Adult 6 Cont Education He. Robert Weils 

66 Coordinator of Nursing Mrs. Ann Aulwes 

75 Director Vocational Education Hr. Charles Lawson 


IOJA CBHTRAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

330 Avenue ri, Fort Dodge 50501 Congressional District: 6 

County: Webster FICE Identification: 001065 

Telephone (515) 576-3103 Entity Number: 1-41-090-6391-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

fntolLBent: 2,662 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $580 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
leered itation: NH , DA, MAC 

01 Superintendent Dr. Edwin L. Barbour 

03 Asst Supt- Adminv Services Dr. Harvey D. Martin 

05 Asst Supt-lnstrl Services Dr. Carl V. Larson 

10 Business Manager Vacant 

32 Asst Supt-Instnl Services Dr. Henry C. Witt 

26 Adiinistrative Assistant... Hr. Janes F. McNeal 

33 Director of student Personnel Dr. Dean W. Cramer 

07 Director of Admissions. Hr. Dale H. Daggy 

06 Begistrac... .r. William B. HcKnight 

00 Oitector of the library Mr. Wendell A. Rollins 

09 Dir Instructional Services Cr. Terry L. Barnes 

51 Director of Adult Education....... Mr. Melvin R. Schroeder 


IOWA LIKES COMMUNITY C0LI.EGB 


300 South 18th street, 51334 Congressional District; 6 

County: Eanet FICE Identification: 001864 

Telephone (712) 362-2604 Entity Number: 1 -42-092-9936-A 1 

Established Coed 

Enrollment: 1,267 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1550 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Bighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 Superintendent................. Mr. Richard II. Blacker 

05 Assistant Superintendent. Er. Eugene F. Schorzmann 

10 Associate Superintendent Mr. Alfred Newman 

02 Cbran Communications- Fine Arts... Mr. Dallas Freeman 

50 Chairman of Business...., Dr, Harold Wente 


Ames 50010 Congressional District: 5 

County: Story FICE Identification: 001669 

Telephone (515) 294-4111 Entity Number: 1-42-600-4224- A1 

Established 1050 Coed 

Enrollment: 24,004 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $816 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, ARCH, COPSY, dDIET, ENG, FOR, IPSY, JOUR, 
LSAR, KOS, SW, TED, VET 

01 President Dr. H. Robert Parks 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. George C. Christensen 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance.... Hr. Wayne R. Moore 

30 Vice Pres Info-Development.... Hr. Carl Hamilton 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Thomas B. Thielen 

25 Vice President for Research Dr. Daniel J. Zaffarano 

07 Dean of Admissions and Records... Mr. Fred C. SchLunz 

06 Registrar Hr. John V. Sjoblom 

08 Dean of Library Services Hr. Warren B. Kuhn 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Mr. Don F. Gustofson 

38 Director Student Counseling Dr. Roy E. Harman 

14 Director of Computation center. Dr. Clair G. Maple 

56 Dean of University Extension Mr. Charies E. Bonhove 

49 Dean Col Science-llunanities Dr. Wallace A. Russell 

74 Dean Col Veterinary Medicine Dr. Phillip T. Pearson 

54 Dean of college of Engineering Cr. David R. Boylan 

47 Dean College of Agriculture Dc . Lee R. Kolmer 

59 Dean College of Home Economics... Dr. Ruth E . Deacon 

53 Dean college of Education Dr. Virgil S. Lagomarcino 

56 Dean of Graduate College Dr. Daniel J. Zaffarano 

48 Dean of College of Design Dr. Michael P, Brooks 


IOWA WESLEYAN COLLEGE 

North Main, Mount Pleasant 52641 Congressional District: 1 
County: Henry FICE Identification; 00107' 

Telephone (319) 305-002 1 Entity Number: 1-42-068-0332-A 1 

Established 1842 Coed 

Enrollment: 730 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 63,560 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUE , TED 

01 President Dr. Louis A. Haselnayer 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Jerry L. Richards 

10 Business Manager Mr. L. w. Van Winkle 

06 Regstr-Dicector Financial Aid Mr, Edward l. Kropa 

08 Librarian Miss Patricia R. Newcomer 

32 Dean stdnt3-Director Placement hiss carol J. Nemltz 

30 Director of Development Hra. Sara I. Kearsley 

29 Director of Alumni... lies. Kay F. Lange 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Howard A. Martin 


IOWA WESTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

2700 College Road, council Bluffs 51501 

congressional District: 5 
County: Pottawattamie PICE Identification: 008739 

Telephone (712) 325-3200 Entity Number: 1-42-092-5013- A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,332 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $645 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DA 

01 Superintendent, Dc, Robert D. Looft 

10 Asst Supt of Adminv Services Hr. Lester E. Andrews 

30 Dir Research and Development Dr. Wayne A. Rudolph 

Q5 Associate Superintendent... Dr, Martin P. Vol£ 

32 Dean of Student Services Hr. Warren R. Morrow 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Thomas 0. Dutch 

06 Registrar Hr. Timothy A. Johnson 

26 Coord of College Relations. Mr. H. F. McKinsey 

14 Director of computer Center Dr. Robert L. Mason 

08 Director of Learning Resources Mrs. Sonja R. Bri99S 

15 Director of Employee Relations Mr. Charles C. Crandall 

51 Dean of Community Services Hr. James E. Hamiltcn 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences... Dc. Charles C« Crandall 

75 Dean cf Voc-Tech Education Hr. Jack W. sell 

KIRKWOOD C0HHUNITY COLLEGE , 

P O Box 2068, Cedar Rapids 52406 congressional District: 2 
county: Linn pice identification: 0WP6 

Telephone (319) 398-541 1 Entity Humber: 1 -42-092-4685- A1 

Established 1966 Coft(i 


Enrollment: 5,011 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $525 
Control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program; Terminal Occupational Oelow Bachelor's; 2-Fear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: II H , DA, DT, HAC, EFT , RSTB 
01 Superintendent-President....... Dr. Bill F. Stewart 

05 Vice President fee Instruction Dr. C. R. Bennett 

03 Assistant to the President Hr. Homan Neilsen 

10 Assoc Supt Business 6 Finance Mr. Kenneth K. Kupka 

15 Director Personnel Hr. David Jensen 

30 Director Development Dr. David 1. Knutson 

25 Director Grants and Services..... Hr. Dennis Linder baum 

06 Registrar Hr. Ronald E. Napier 

32 Dean Student Affairs Dr. Janes Heinert 

37 Associate Head Financial Aids Hr. Hn. Janes Graichen 

38 Director Counseling Dr. John White 

Id Assistant for Data Processing Hr. Thomas P. Murphy 

OB Dir Learning Resources Center Ms. Maude Jahncke 

07 Associate Head Admissions Hr. Janes Miller 

26 Assoc Supt Cnty Relations.......... Hr. Peter S. Bryant 

09 Director Research Evaluation.......... Er. Charles J. Cunning 

75 Dean of Career Education Mr. Donald E. Puller 

51 Dean Community Education.. Mr. Galen Dahn 

49 Dean Arts 6 Sciences.. Dr. Louise HcCants 


LORAS COLLEGE 


OB Director of the Library Hr. Frank Dowd 

25 Dir Intrnatl ctr Scient Res Dr. David Or me-Johnson 

37 Financial Aid Director Mr. Jerry Albrendt 

06 Registrar Ms. Bonnie Gould 

15 Director of Personnel services Hr. Dennis Rove 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Dr. Michael Reinless 

MARSHALLTOWN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

3700 South Center Street, Harshalltovn 5015B 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Marshall FICE Identification: 001875 

Telephone (515) 752-7106 Entity Number: 1-42-092-6714-A3 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,089 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *510 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Ye..r 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, CA, HAC, SURGT 

01 Dean Dr. Paul Kegel 

04 Assistant Dean Dr. Donald A. Fleaino 

08 Librarian Miss Betty llariiscn 

36 Director of Placement Services....' Mr. Aaron Wheeler 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Edward Jackson 

75 Dir Voc-Technical Division Mr. Arlen Hackbarth 


Dutugue 52001 Congressional District; 2 

County: Dubuque FICE Identification: 001873 

Telephone (3 19) 568-71C0 Entity Number: 1-42-068-0412-A1 

Established 1839 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,771 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,050 

Affiliation: Ronan Catholic Semester 

Highest Offaring: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, SV, TED 

01 President Dr. Fasquale Di Pasquale Jr. 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs.. Dr. Janes Barta 

10 Vice President fer Business Hr. Clarence T. O' Dovd 

06 Registrar Mr. Gerard a . Noonan 

07 Director of Adnissicns Hr. Daniel Conry 

Od Director Learning Resources Hr. Robert J. Klein 

33 Dean of Students Dr. Charles E. Lang 

30 Director of College Affairs Hr. George A. Freund 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Charles D. McCormick 

26 Director Public Information He. Vincent J. Coyle 

58 Dir Grad Div and Dir Coty Ed Cr. John 2. Hess 

LUTHER COLLEGE 

Decorah 52101 Congressional District: 2 

county: Winneshiek FICE Identification: 001874 

Telephone (3 19) 387-2000 Entity Number: t-42-068-O466-A1 

Established 1861 Coed 

2,072 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,250 

Affiliation: American Lutheran 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, NDE, SW, TED 

lo° ViV HT A,£airs ^.^rank^.lart 0 !; 

30 Vice Pres for Development m e . Maynard E. Aaker 

32 Dean for Student Affairs Hr. Orlin Handsager 

H Manager Hr. Erling 0. Naeseth 

08 Librarian or. Leigh Jordahl 

06 Registrar Dr. loyal Rue 

°7 ni Sn fld “ is E finat4C ial Aid... Dr. David Foslien 

14 Director of computer Center Dr. Valter Vill 

37 financial 1 lid 8 ? I 8 p J aceBant •• • Mrs. Kathryn Selness 

11 nHpfrtnr 1 J i Cil ^ d° 5* II ftr - Geor 9 e Bachelder 

f* a Relations Hiss Candace Grimm 

21 News Bureau Manager *r. Je£f lseaingec 

71 Assoc Dean and Dir Sums Sess Dr. Jane B orelli 

HAHARISHl INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

= Congressional District: 1 

County. Jefferson FICE Identification: 011113 

Established 5 1971 5031 Entity Humber: 1- 95-279-040 1-A1 

Enrollment: 778 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3^060 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's ter 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President.... „ r 

™ C ? t Jl®- V i oe President Er* * Leonard A. Goldman 

10 Chief Administrator flE . Kilter Koch 


HARYCREST COLLEGE 

1607 Vest 12th Street, Cavenport 52804 

Congressional District: 1 
County: scott FICE Identification: 001876 

Telephone (319) 326-9512 Entity Number: 1-42-068-0468-A1 

Established 1939 Coed 

Enrollment: 879 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,225 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, NUR, SH, TEC 

01 President Dr. A. Lynn Bryant 

05 Dean Academic Affairs Mr. Robert L. Effland 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Hiss Suzanne ifartung 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Mr. Hichael J. Hclianaca 

08 Director of Resource center Sc. Joan Shell 

26 Dir Pub Relations and Alumni.. Mr. Fred Anderson 

36 Dir of Placement Services Mrs. Virginia Tillinghast 

14 Director of Computer Center Mrs. Carol Conyers 

07 Dean Admissions-Financial Aid Sr. Pae Elvood 

06 Registrar Mrs. Elizabeth Shore 

58 Coordinator Graduate Studies Dr. Harry F. KeLly 

H0RNINGSIDE COLLEGE 

1501 Morningside Avenue, Sioux City 51106 

Congressional District: 6 
county: Woodbury FICE Identification: 0Q1&79 

Telephone (712) 274-5100 Entity Number: 1-42- 068-040Q-A1 

Established 1893 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,424 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,670 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, HUS, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. Miles Tomneraasen 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs. Dr. R. Franklin Terry 

10 Vice Pres and Business Manager Hr. Cecil Larson 

06 Registrar Ms. Patricia l. Klatt 

□ 7 Adnissions Director Hr. Fred Srbes 

08 Librarian Mr. Charles Le Master 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Donald Poppen 

37 Dir Student Financial Affairs Mr. Gary Gevlk 

14 Computer center Director Dr. James Keene 

I. e Pres for Estate Planning Mr. Albert Buckingham 

nn ^ 0C of public Relations... Ms. Janet Flanagan 

Plan-Spec Project Funding Mrs. Ruth Green 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Ms, Allene Muibragtse 

*f an „ £or studant Li£e Dc. Daniel J. Carey 

Cl m ^ areer Planning-Ha nagement Ms. Luann Krager 

51 Dir-Eve-Summ Sch-Cont Ed Dr. Gary H. Koerselaan 

58 Director of Graduate School Dr. Sharon Ocker 

MOUNT MERCY COLLEGE 

1330 Elmhurst Drive N E, Cedar Rapids 52402 

. 4 Congressional District: 2 

t-ounty: Linn FICE identification; 001880 

Telephone (319) 363-8213 Entity Number: 1 -42-068- 1046-A1 

Established 1928 



IOWA 


mil 


Enrollment : 1,042 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S3, 145 

Affiliation: Renan catholic u-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
p rof assioial 

Accreditation: NH , HUB, SH 

OV President Dr. Ihomas R. Feia 

05 Academic bean. Bev * Robert 1. Ferring 

10 Oir Instnl Finance fi Planning Cr. Thomas w. Zeidel 

•36 Registrar Sr. H. Michaeline Heehan 

03 Director of Admissions.. Hr. Donald J. McCormick 

08 librarian »=* Davi< ? !*■ Fereh 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Michael Robinson 

32 Dean of Students-Dean of Hen.. Cr. Leonard B. Ranson 

23 Alumni Director..... Hrs. Kathy Richards 

30 Vice President fer Development Dr. Robert E. Balster 

37 Director Financial Aid Hrs. Elenora Samuelson 

38 Dir of Counsel S Car Planning Sr. Hary Kevin Doughan 

2T Director Public Information Hrs. Debra Blume 

BQtIJI I SAINT CLARE COLLEGE 

400 N Bluff Eoulevard, Clinton 52732 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Clinton FICE Identification: 001061 

Telephone (319) 242-4023 Entity Number: 1-42-074-5980-At 

Established 1895 , Coed 

Enrollment: 322 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,700 

Affiliation: Roaan catholic Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 

program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Can C. Johnson 

03 Vice Pres Special Projects Sr. Ruth E. Westmoreland 

On Special Assistant to President....... Hr. Richard W. Woodward 

05 Academic Sr. Hartinalle Bonnell 

06 Registrar Sr. Teresa Kunkel 

07 Dean Admissions- Financial Aid Sr. Evelyn McKenna 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hrs. Karen Dingham 

10 Controller Hr. Stephen Doll 

08 Librarian "rs. T iota Lowe 

32 Director of Student Personnel Sr. Theresa Judge 

30 Director of Development SC. Mary Ann Phelan 

50 Chran Business Administration Dr. Charles D. Bright 

108THEAST IOWA TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

Box 400, Calmar 52132 Congressional District; 2 

County: Winneshiek FICB Identification: 004587 

Telephone (319) 562-3263 Entity Number: 1-42-0 52-471 1 -A1 

Established 1966 Coea 

Enrollment : 1,073 t 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Stata) : $533 
Control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NH, DA 

01 Superintendent Hr. Clyde 1. Kramer 

10 Director of Financial Affairs Hr. Jerry L. Collingwood 

05 librarian Hrs. Kathleen Hactl 

04 Asst Supt- South Campus Hr. DonaLd L. Roby 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. John s. Nubel 

32 Assoc Dir Instnl Suppt Hrs. Joelyn Ainley 

36 Coordinator of Placement Hrs. Betty J. Phillips 

27 Assoc Dir-Public Information.... Hr. Rod J. Bakka 

53 Assoc Supt Cont Education .. Dr. Jane c. Forster 

JS Assoc Supt Career Education. ........... . Hr. Darwin I. Schrage 

00 Asst Supt-North campus Hr. Paul L. Kaiser 

NORTH IOWA AREA COBEDNITY COLLEGE 
500 College Drive, Kascn City 50401 

Congressional District: 3 
county: Carre Gordo FICE Identification: 001877 

Telephone (515) 423-1264 Entity Number: 1-42-093-0155-A1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,880 • 

Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $550 
Control: State/Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 Superintendent..... Dr. David R. Pierce 

03 Assistant Superintendent Dr. Warren F. Hoffman 

10 Business Manager.... Hr. Robert E. Church 

32 Director of Student Services.......... Mr. Jerald H. Torgerson 

06 Reg istrar. . Hr. Duane H. Brandt 

0 7 Director of Admissions Mr. Joseph V. Critelli 

08 Dicector of Learning Services............ Mr. Donald K. Rasps 

05 Dean of Instruct ion. Hr. John s. Rothamel 


45 Dir of Institutional Services Mr. Robert E. Peterson 

30 Adminv Asst-Development Mr. Lowell J. Cook 

26 Adoinv Asst-Caty Relations Hiss Ruth L. Dupuis 

36 Director of Placement - Hr. Mark F. Evers 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Richard A. Hempen 

51 Director Community Education Mr. Roger P. Holcomb 

NORTHWEST IOWA TECHNICAL COLLEGE 

Highway 16 West, Sheldon 51201 Congressional District: 6 

County: Obrien FICE Identification: 004600 

Telephone (7 12) 324-2507 Entity Number: 1- 6 2- 092- 63 4 1 - .4 1 

Established 1966 coed 

Enrollment: 434 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees«(ln-S tatej j nit 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, NW 

01 Superintendent Mr. C. E. Martin 

06 Registrar Cav i d B ' ntz 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Harley Barz 

08 Librarian « cs * Vera osland 

10 Business Manager Hr. vern Schoeneman 

37 Financial Aids coordinator Hr. .Ed Fiecson 

47 Dept Chairperson Agriculture • Hr. Darrell Zoch 

49 Director of Adult Education Hr. Wayne Reed 

54 Dept Chairperson Engineering Hr. Douglas Friedland 

75 Director Vocational Education Hr. Jim Cross 

4 NORTH WESTERN COLLEGE 

Oranae Citv *1041 Congressional District: 6 

?ouS??: Sioui FICE Identification: 001883 

Telephone (712) 737-4821 Entity Number: 1-42-069-6196-^ 

Enrollment: B6 1 Ondergraduate Tuitlcn and Fees: $2,755 

Affiliation: Reformed church in America Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED „ 

05 Jcadelic haka////....... He. Bernard Wiese 

10 Director of Business Affairs Hr. Paul E. Muyskens 

32 Dean of Students «=• «® iss 

OR librarian Hr. Arthur llielkema 

21 -• »=• Haroid Vander Laan 

07 Dir Adais and Student Aid Hr. Roland J. Simnelink 

OPEN BIBLE COLLEGE 

2633 Fleur Drive, Des Heines 50321 Congressional District: 4 
countv Polk FICE Identification: 004601 

Telephone (515) 283-0476 Entity Number: 1-42-600-0299-A1 

Enrollment? 117° Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,600 

Affiliation: Other Protestant 4-1-1 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: professional 

Accreditation: BI „ , , ___. 

01 Pres 6 Exec Vice President Rev. Randall A. Rach 

05 Academic Dean ;• R<J v. Dennis H. Schmidt 

06 Registrar and Dean of Women Rev. Barbara L.Kelderman 

32 Dean of Students R°v. Lowell G. sinnons 

08 Head Librarian Hiss Linda Jones 

07 Director of Admissions Rev. Ste ve Brant 

10 Business Administrator Row. Belvyn G. Keidecman 

64 Director of Music Hrs. Doris 13. Hunt 

PALHER COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

1000 Brady Street, Davenport 52B03 Congressional District: 1 
conntv* Scott TICE Identification! 01230U 

Telephone (319) 324-1611 Entity Number! 1 -42-608*1293- Aj 

Enrollment? i?670 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit * 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Lower Division 
Program: Professional 

Jeroae F * ncAnarews 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs..... Dr^ John L. 

. II litl pres SS 5; : t 

11 ™ SSJS cSKS 

07 Director of Admissions Hr * ^Brian^e™ 



142 


18 U. 


26 Director of Public Relations.............. Hcs. Donna Kendall 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. Julius Millcan 

14 Director of Data Processing............ Hr. Subba K. V. Reddy 

09 Dir -Institutional Analysis............... Dr. John E. Grcstic 

37 Director of Pinancial Aid Hr. Thomas Tiemeier 

51 Dean of Continuing Education... Dr. Donald p. Kern 


SAINT 'AMBROSE COLLEGE 

Davenport 52803 Congressional District: 1 

County: Scott FICL Identification: 001889 

Telephone (319) 383-6800 Entity Number: 1-42-070-3280-A1 

Established 1682 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,955 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,360 

Affiliation: Renan Catholic Sanester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. William J. Eakrow 

05 Sr Vice Pres Academic Affairs Hr. Donald 0. Hoeller 

10 Vice President fer Finance Hr. Edward J. Henkhaus 

32 Sr Vice Pres Admin 6 Col Rel Hr. Edward Rogalski 

06 Dean Curriculum and Registrar Dr. Paul Jacobson 

07 Dean of Admissions.......... Hr. James T. Barry 

0B Dir learning Resource Center Hcs. Corinne J. Fotter 

26 Director of Public Relaticns Mrs. Beverly Ginsberg 

36 Placement Director.. Hiss Clarice Wilsey 

SIMPSON COLLEGE 

Indianola 50125 Congressional District: 5 

County: Warren FICE Identification: 001807 

Telephone (515) 961-6251 Entity Number: 1- 42-068-0389-A1 

Established 1860 Coed 

Enrollnent: 830 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,040 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and Goneral; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, TEE 

01 President Dr. Robert E. McBride 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs........... Dr. R. Melvin Henderson 

10 Director of Business. Hr. Doyle L. Woods 

26 Vice Pres College Relations Dr. John V. Hartung 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Gary 1. Valen 

37 Director of Financial Aid..., Hr. William E. Geiger 

06 Registrar Hs. Miriam B. Jenkins 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. John A. Kellogg 

08 Librarian Hr. James 8. Christopher 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Ms. Kay E. lebeda 

SIOUX EMPIRE COLLEGE 

Box 312, Havarden 51023 Congressional District: 6 

County: Sioux F3CI Identification: 001888 

Telephone (712) 552-2065 Entity Humber: 1-42-092-4982-A1 

Established 19 65 Coed 

Enrollment: 330 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: SNH 

01 President Dr. Albert D. Hudek 

05 Chief Academic Officer .. Mrs. Harlan Ryger 

10 Chief Business officer He. Leo Hallman 

08 Dean of Hen Hr. Dan Hudek 

06 Registrar .. Hr. janes Utesch 

SOUTHEASTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Drawer P Highway 406, V Burlington 52655 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Des Moines PICE Identification: 008740 

Telephone (319) 752-2731 Entity Number: 1 -42-092-6823-A1 

Established 1966 Coe(J 

Enrollaent: 1, 761 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $505 
Control: State/Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Sears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, MAC 

0 1 Superintendent Hr. Carlton w. Callison 

05 Instrl Service Director « c . Paul A. Ricker 

32 Student Personnel Director Hr. Roger B. Hamilton 

10 Financial Service Director Hr. william H . Gehrmann 

04 A dm in v Asst tc Supt-Pers Dr. Williaa j. Hierstein 

06 Regstr- Adais- Jinan Aids Off Hr. Phillip J. MacKey 

02 Director-South Campus..... He. Jobli g. Adkins 

02 Director-North Campus.. m c . Edward E. Schiefer 

51 Continuing Education Director Hr. Charles E. Schulz 

55 Evening Program Supervisor Mr. Prank C. Kraft 


SOUTHWESTERN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1501 Tovnline, Creston 50801 Congressional District* 5 

County: Onion FICE Identification: 001857 

Telephone (515) 782-7081 Entity Number: 1 -42-092-7778-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 564 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $501 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. John A. Smith 

32 Dean Dr. Paul T. Kasper 

10 Director of Financial Affairs Mr. Michael E , Lang 

51 Director of Adult Education Mr. Leonard H. Kuhre 

49 Dir of Instructional Affairs Mr. Richard J. Engelson 

+UNITED ELECTRONICS INSTITUTE 

1119 5th Street, West Des Moines 50265 Congressional District: A 

County: Polk FICE Identification: 008486 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-6 1-060- 9217-A3 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Organized ns Profit Making 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than A Years 
Program: 

Accreditation: NATTS 


UNIVERSITY OF DUBUQUE 

2050 University Avenue, Dubuque 52001 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Dubuque FICE Identification: 001891 

Telephone (319) 589-3000 Entity Number: 1-42- 068-0323-M 

Established 1852 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,039 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,750 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, SW, TED, THECL 

01 President Dr. Walter F. Peterson 

10 Business Manager Mr. Randolph E. Fehr 

32 Dir Stdnt Secv-Col Libl Arts Mr. Clifford P. Bunting 

07 Dir Adrais- Theological Seminary Mr. Gene Harbaugh 

06 Registrar-Col of Liberal Arts Mr. Roger 8. Bowen 

36 Director Student Development.... Mr. Richard R. Nelson 

00 Dir Library Services Seminary Mr. Duncan Brockvay 

08 Dir Libraries-Col Liberal Arts.... Dr. Kenneth P. Pease 

00 Dir Student Services-Seminary Mrs. Sally J. Nelson 

37 Dir Fin Aid-Col Liberal Arts Mrs. Faye H. Schell 

30 University Development Officer Dr. Lawrence L. Pattee 

45 Univ Plan-Development Officer Mr. Wayne A. Nornan 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Frank R. Duchov 

73 Dean of the Theol Seminary Dr. Herbert R, Manning 

49 Actg Acad Dean Col Lib Arts Dr. Joseph V. stevart 

UNIVERSITY OF IOWA 

Iowa City 52242 Congressional District: 1 

County: Johnson FICE Identification: 001892 

Telephone (319) 353-2121 Entity Number: 1 -4 2- 600-48 13*A» 

Established 1847 Coed 

Enrollment: 24,153 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $830 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, APCP, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, DENT , DH, DIET I, 

ENG, HSA , IPSY, JOUR, LAW, LID, MED, HT, HUS, NMI , HUR, 
PHAR, PTA, RAD, RTT , SP, SK, TED 

01 President Dr. Willard L. Boyd 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr, May Brodbeck 

25 Vies Pres Ed Develop-Research. . . . Cr. Duane c. Spriestersbach 

10 Vice Pres Fin-Univ Service Mr. Randall P. Bezanson 

32 Vice Pres Student services Dr. Philip G. Hubbard 

08 Dean of Library Administration Dr. Leslie W. Dunlap 

26 Actg Dir of Public Information....' Mr. Joseph D. Brisben 

29 Exec Dir of Alumni Association Mr. Thomas B. Brown 

30 Exec Dir Univ Foundation Mr. Darrell D, Wyrick 

07 Dir Admissions-Financial Aid Mr. John E. Moore 

06 Registrar Mr, W. Albert cox 

36 Dir career Services-Placement Ms. Corinne Hamilton 

38 Dir Univ Counseling Service Dr. Ursula H. Delvorfch 

15 Director of Personnel Service Mr. Fred II. Doderer 

14 Director Computer Center..... Mr. James W. Johnson 

25 Director Sponsored programs Ms. Margery E. Hoppin 

19 Director Security-Parking Mr. William S. Tynan Jr. 

51 Dean of Continuing Education....... Dr. Robert F. Ray 



11)3 


IOWA 


y9 Dean Collage of Liberal Arts Dr. Howard Lasteu 

5 O Dean Col oE Dus Administration Dr. J. Richard Zecher 

52 Dean College of Dentistry Dr. James H. McLeran 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Charles N . Case 

54 Dean College cf Engineering Dr. Robert G. Ilering 

56 Dean of Graduate College Dr. Duane C. Spriestersbach 

f,1 Dean College o£ Law- - Dr. N. William Hines 

63 Dean College of Medicine Dr. John W. Eckstein 

6b Actg Doan College of Nursing Dr. Sue F . Rosner 

6 1 Dean College of Pharmacy. Dr. Dale E. wurster 

71 Director Summer Session Dr. Philip G. Hubbard 

UNIVERSITY OF NORTHERN IOWA. 

1222 West 27th Street, Cedar Falls f>0fi13 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Black Hawk F1CE identification: 001090 

Telephone (3 19) 273-2311 Entity Number: 1-42-600-4333-A1 

Established 1876 Coed 

Enrollnant: 11,090 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-sta te) : $774 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Hit , HUS, SP, SW, TED 

01 President.. Dr. John J. Kane rick 

06 flee President and Provost Dr. James G. Martin 

32 Vice Pres Student services Dr. Thomas W. Ilansmeier 

10 Vice Pres Admlnv Services Dr. Robert D. Stansbury 

30 Asst to Pres-St Ral-Spec Event Dr. Edward V. Voldseth 

06 Registrar........... Mr. Robert D. Leahy 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Jack L. Kielenga 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Donald 0. Rod 

27 Dir Pub Information Services Mr. Donald A. Kelly 

37 Director of Financial Aids..... Mr. Dennis P. Jensen 

36 Dir Car Plan- Place-Counseling Dr. Larry R. Routh 

15 Asst Vice Pres Pers Relations..., Mr. Donald R. Walton 

1b Director of Data Processing Mr. Dale Hilliard 

29 Director of Aldaini Services Mr. Lavern M. Miller 

70 Dean Col Soc and Behav Science Dr. Robert E. Morin 

53 Dean of College of Education Dr. Gordon J. Rhum 

57 Dean Col Humanitles-Fina Arts Dr. Hargarette Eby 

65 Dean Col of Natural Science Dr. Clifford G. McCollum 

56 Dean of the Graduate College..., Dr. Jan C. Robbins 

56 Dean Bxt-Continu ing Education Dr. Glenn Hansen 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. Robert Waller 

68 Dir Sch Hltli-Phy Fd-Records Dr. William R. Thrall 

64 Director School cf Music Dr. Ronald D. Ross 

UPPER IOWA UNIVKRS21Y 

Payetto 52142 Congressional District: 2 

County: Payette FICE Identification: 001893 

Telephone (319) 425-3311 Entity Number: 1-42-068-0372-A1 

Established 1057 „ c °e d 

Enroll sent : 1,819 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,450 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 year Baccalaureate 
Prog ran: liberal Arts and General} Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil „ , 

01 t'rosidont ....... ............ DC. Darcy c. Coyle 

05 Dean o£ Academic Affairs Mr. William II. Drake 

32 Dean of Student Affairs. Mr. Braulic Caballero 

10 Dualness Manager........ - Mrs. Mar y E * Kimball 

06 Registrar Mrs, lots V. Wilcox 

08 Acting Head Librarian... Mrs. Becky s. Wadian 

14 ivan of Women Judith A. Giectz 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Paul J ?[’ es 

30 Director of Development Mr. Thomas E. Duritsa 

26 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Millicent K. Churbuck 

37 Director of Student Aid. - Mr. George V. Capell 

14 Director of Computer center Dr. William H. Lcngley Jr. 

51 Dir Cont Education-Placement Dr. Herschel J. Hendrix 


VENNARC COLLEGE 

University Park 52595 Congressional District: 4 

Couity: Mahaska FICE identification: 001894 

Telephone (5 15) 673-8391 Entity Humber: 1-42-87Q-6726-A1 

Established 1910 a 

Enrollment: 221 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: * 1,440 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering; 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Progra*: professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr. Nome A. Harris 

C4 Director of Student Affairs "r- John parxer 

05 Dean*.... ... ... * Gordon L. Eennett 

10 C Miss Ella Mae Smith 

C6 Registrar Mrs. l,oward led£ord 

08 Librarian »iss Patricia Bowen 

32 Assistant Dean vacant 


WALDORF COLLEGE 

Forest City 50436 Congressional District: 6 

County: Winnebago FICE Identification: 00’095 

Telephone (515) 562-2450 Entity lluoher: 1-4 2-C68-0374- A1 

Established 1903 Coed 

Enrollment: 514 Undergraduate Tuition and Fee-s: $2,900 

Affiliation: American Lutheran Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President ' ... Dr. Arndt F. Braaten 

05 Dean of Instruction-Registrar Dr. Susanne A. Tjornhcm 

10 Business Manager David Erickson 

30 Director of Development Rev. Ray Hehl 

07 Director Adais and Finan Aids Richard K. Peschau 

08 Librarian nary Ballard 

32 Dean of Students....... Roger Hadley 

29 Acting Alumni Director Margaret Hagen 

37 Financial Aids Officer Genevieve Heeren 


NARTBURG COLLEGE 

Havecly 50677 
County: Bremer 
Telephone (319) 352- 1200 
Established 1852 
Enrollment: 1,079 


Congressional District: 3 
FICE Identification: 001896 
Entity Number: 1-42-068-0351- U 

Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,574 


Affiliation! American Lutheran 
Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Art3 and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, SW 


Other 





05 

Interim Dean of Faculty 

.. Dr. Franklin E. Willlais 




32 

Vice Pres for Student Affairs 

















27 

Director of Public Information.... 



WARTBURG THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

333 Wartburg Place, Dubuque 52001 Congressional District: 2 
County: Dubuque FICE identification: 001897 

Telephone (319) 556-8151 Entity Number: 1-42-068- 1 105-A1 

Established 1854 Co ®° 

Enrollment: 267 Undergraduate Tuition and "ees: $0 

Affiliation: American Lutheran . 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate, Ho 
Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: NH, THE0L Uoihlon 

01 President Dr * Hi ]- lia " H : 

05 Dean of the Faculty.. D £* P t“ l R rn^kiAv 

08 Librarian Rev * Duncan 

05 :::::::::: "-"-"gif »ss 

30 Dir Develop-Pub Relations ■- Rev> Lewis H. Holm 

10 Director Business Affairs 'Siler 

06 Registrar-Secretary to Dean nrs. sany r. 

WESTERN IOWA TECH 

p 0 BOX 265, Sioux city 51102 ^ongrassiona 1 District: 6 

County: Woodbury Fj - CE I d9nti£l ‘' a nq?"69??-Al 

Telephone (712) 276-0380 Entity Number: 1-42-092 6922 A1 

Established 1966 

Enrollment. 1 ' 26 u nder g Ea duatR Tuition and Fees (In -State).: $640 
Control: State/Local 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 7-vear 

Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Jill, DA, S0BGT ___ D!;> Rober t H. Kiser 

01 superintendent......^-....- Charles W. VhitehiU 

10 Director Business Affairs..... nr- Rnhprt c. Aaee 

06 Regstr-Dir Admis and Counsel. Mr. Robert c.^aga- 

32 Director student Services H±tlke 

26 Coordinator Public Relations.... r ’ c £ aiq croston 

37 Dir Finan Aids and Placement. .......... • - • Craig 1 

14 Manager of Data Processing ;* • gbert Shockley 

27 Educational Representative. ■ ..." Ht . Robert G. Friend 

08 Coordinator library Media. •;••«*• Mr . phillip Greedy 

15 Adminv Asst-Dir of Per sonnel. ............ . Jr. PJiiiiR^ ^7 

51 Dir Ad 8 Continuing Education. ™ mi E< VaUer 

75 Dir Voc-Tschnical Education. Kr _ v t ank Baker 

71 Director of Broadcasting. ...«•• 



WESIHAF COLL EG E 

Le Nats 51031 Congressional District: 6 

County: Plymouth FICE Identification: 001899 

Tele phone (7 12) 546-7081 Entity Hunter: 1-U2-068-0394-A1 

Established 1890 Coed 

Enrollment: 654 Undergraduate Tuition and pees: $3,170 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
Prog can: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President . Dr. John t. Courter 

05 Vice Pres-Dean cf the Ccllege Dr. Stephen Good 

10 Vice Pres £ Business Manager Mr. Joseph O. Bottiger 

32 Vice Pres t Dean of Students Mr. Janes D. Thorius 

30 Vice president for Development Mr. Harold E. Kane 

06 Registrar Ms. Jeneil Menefee 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Valda J. Enbtee 

08 Director of Library firs. Un Hi Kang 

37 Director Financial Aids.... Ms. Ina K. Gatts 


BARTON C0UIITY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Great Bend 67530 Congressional District: 1 

County: Barton FICE Identification: 0QUf»08 

Telephone (316) 792-2701 Entity Number: 1-40-072-01 75- A 1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,443 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S360 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Jimmie L. Downing 

05 Dean of Instruction . Patrick J. McAtee 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Mr, Robert G. Rumble 

08 Director of Library Services..... Mr. Keith S. Tcost 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Paul E. Maneth 

66 Director of Nursing Education.. Sr. Eugene Andrews 


WILLIAM FENB COLLEGE 

Oskaloosa 52577 Congressional District: 4 

ccuaty: Mahaska PICE Identification: 001900 

Telephone (515) 673-8311 Entity Number: 1-42-Q70-7120-A1 

Established 1873 Coed 

Enrollment: 585 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,280 

Affiliation: Friends Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President Dr. Gus Turbeville 

04 Adoinv Asst tc Pies-Bus Mgr Mr. Harold W. Case 

05 Acadeaic Dean Dr. Howard Reitz 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Leroy c. Steffen 

30 Director of Development Hr. John C. Wagoner 

08 Librarian. Hr. Marion Rains 

07 Director of Adnissions. . . .. Hr. Eric Otto 

06 Registrar Mrs. Rita Vos 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Richard Harr 

27 Director of Publicity Mrs. Shirley McCauley 

39 Director of Counseling Mr. John G. Nothershead 

3o Director of Placement Mrs. Norma Snyder 


♦ ALLEN COUNTY COMMUHIY JUNIOR C0LIEGE 

IdOl North Cotior.vcod, Ida 66749 Congressional District: 5 
County: Allen _ F ICE Identification: 001901 

relephone (316) 365-5116 Entity Nunber: 1-48-069-7480-A1 

Established 1923 copd 

Enrolla-mt: 911 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $310 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 3ut Less Than 4 Years 
Frograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Eacheloc's Creditable 
Accred itatior: NH 

06 ;■ ft™; 

30 Dean of Instruction Dr. JacJc Lundy 

LAKER UN I VIE 31 IT 

" aW “ iB City 66006 Congressional District: 3 

Enrollment; 977 Undergraduate Tuiticn and Fee«=: $2 C 600 

Affiliation: United Hethcdist t' 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prograa^Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Accreditation: NR, TED 

05 Provost and Oesn of Collage! ! !! !! ’ de! ' cliarles E* ^ 

04 Associate Dean of the Ccllege...!..":.. “J" 5 L , ! 

10 Acting Treasurer.. nc ’ c * Kahie 

07 Dean of Admissions . «” £* ”f v ? G c 6en 

06 Director of Libraries S P 0H 

32 Dean of Students Mr. John Forbes 

34 Associate Dean of Students. ^I!:***™* Webb 

30 Director of Development L ? l9 0 ?" Donovan 

06 Registrar............... Mr. Murray Blackwelder 

37 Director of Financial r"?*\* atSrS 

29 Director of Aluani nr V* “ ai $ Adamson 

36 Director of Student Placement!! !! “eajcley 


BENEDICTINE COLLEGE 

Atchison 66002 Congressional District: 2 

County: Atchison FICE Identification: 010256 

Telephone (913) 367-61 10 Entity Number: 1-48- 077-7079- A1 

Established 1858 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,035 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,000 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, HUS, TED 

01 President Rev. Gerard Senecal 

03 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Sr. Katherine Delar.ey 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Elmer G . Fangman 

05 Academic Dean Dr. George Baumgartner 

10 Business Manager Mr. Robert Wood 

30 Director of College Relations Mr. William Sutton 

07 Director of Admissions. Mr. Ronald w. Lehmann 

06 Registrar Sr. Delores Wagner 

08 Librarian Sr. Mary Dennis Peters 

33 Assistant Dean of Men Mr. Michael Coffey 

34 Assistant Dean of Women Sr. Mary Hope llauqi 

04 Assistant to the President Sr. Mary Cyril Eusenbnrcick 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Sandra Schlattroann 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. Fatrick Cairney 

36- Director of Placement Mr. Michael HcGaigill 

26 Chief Public Relations Officer Hr. Steve pickman 

38 Director of counseling Center Dr. Mary Katherine schuelo 

14 Director Computer operations Mr. Richard Farrell 

BETHANY COLLEGE 

Lindsborg 67456 Congressional District: 4 

County: McPherson FICE Identification: 001904 

Telephone (9 13) 227-331 1 Entity Number: 1-48-054-3734- A1 

Established 1881 Coed 

Enrollment: 040 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,434 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church in America 4-1-rt 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, MUS, SW, TED 

Resident Be, Arvin W. flahn 

Ob Vice Pres and Academic Dean Dr. Alan Steinbach 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. M. Leon Burch 

10 Business Manager Hr. William Taylor 

25 Treasurer... Hr. Harry Hander 

32 Dean of student Affairs Mr. Fred D. Pay 

30 Director of Development Me. Kenneth E. Sjogren 

in nt^ ra . ian ^ ••• Mrs. Dixie M. tanning 

36 Director Placement Services Mr. Joel Woodard 

M 5 x ?? ctor student Financial Aid Mrs. Shirley Reisslg 

11 S?^? e C ?? ns9 J or Mrs. Laura Hill 

97 ntrf * 0r Association Mr. L. Stanley Talbott 

nn ^ ubllc Relations Hr. A. John Pearson 

09 Director Institutional studies Mrs. Elizabeth N. Prielipp 

EETHEI COLLEGE 


ySM!*: 400 67117 Congressional District: 4 

Telechnne aC /4iKv FICE Identification: 001905 

Established 3 iaa7 283 ' 250 ° Entity Humber: 1- 48-054-3782-A 1 

666 , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2^704 

Highest Co " fec,5rice Mennonite church 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Acc?.“u,S" a iH*“5 Pt.UMtoiy 

32 Deanes Udents!! !!***** * Dc * HaC £ ia s £ hu f tz 

Direct,. „ £ B „ si „, s3 ; ; ;; ;; ; ; • "• 


KANSAS 


06 Registrar Mrs. Vernelle S. Waltner 

05 Academic Dean...... Dr. Maricn Deckert 

30 Director of Development Hr. Larry Voth 

0? Director of Admissions. Hr. James Ituxman 

06 Head Librarian Ms. Martha Stocky 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Richard Koontz 


BUI LEE COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Haverhill Rd-Tovanda Ave, El Dorado G7042 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Butler FICE Identification: 001906 

Telephone (316) 321-6003 Entity Number: 1-48-069-0383-A1 

Esta bL ished 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,930 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $403 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Projran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: MEI 

0) President... Dr. Carl L. Heinrich 

05 Dean of Science and Technology Ronald Wilson 

10 Director of Financial Affairs I.ynaa Gardner 

06 Librarian. Hugh Richardson 

32 Dean of Student Services William C. Cummins 

0? Dir Admission and Records Everett Kohls 

1? Director Public Information Jean Plummer 

49 Dean Liberal Acts C Sciences Dr. Larry F. Devane 


CENTRAL EAPTI5T THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 
Seminary Heights, Kansas City 66102 

Congressional District: 3 
County! Wyandotte FICE Identification: 001907 

Telephone (9 13) 371-5313 Entity Number: 1 -48-054-7725-A 1 

Established 1901 coed 

Enrollment: 102 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: American Baptist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Acer edit at ion: Nil, TIIEOL 

01 President..- Dr. 0. Dean Nelson 

05 Dr- Fred E. Young 

96 Librarian Dc. Henry R. Hoeller 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Henry J. Croes 

IQ Business Hanagoc . .. . • Mr. Donald W. Blalock 

30 Yice President in Development Rev. Kenneth l. Ilennix 


CENTRAL COLLEGE 

1200 South Main, McPherson 67460 Congressional District: 4 

County: McPherson FICE Identification: 001908 

Telephone (316) 241-0723 Entity Humber: 1-48-057-7656-A1 

Established 1884 c ° ed 

EnroUnant: 251 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,600 

Affiliation: Free Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Lass Than u Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 Pie Dr, Bruce L. Kline 

05 Dean.. Cr. J Q try E. Alexander 

10 Business Kanagar Mr. Ellis 8. odecaann 

06 Registrar Mrs. Mary E. Ccovn 

45 Yice President of Development Mr. John W. Perrell 

32 Director of Student Affairs Mr. Dcnald G. Scott 


CLOUD COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

2221 Campus Drive, Concordia 66901 Congressional District: 1 
County: Cloud FICE Identification: 001909 

Telephone (9 13) 243-1435 Entity Number: 1-40-073- 2624-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,758 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-state) : *450 
Control: Local Semester 

Mlqhest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR _ , 

Ol President Dr. James F. Ihrig 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Ja“ es Douglass 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Jerome E. Letourneau 

38 Dean of Guidance Services.. fr. August H. Bohm 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John w. Carlson 

10 Asst to Pres for Bus Affairs nc *,^ i:k , J 'ru C ? 

30 Asst to Pres for Plan-Research Mr. Clyde L. Fitch 

06 Director of Library Services..... Hr. Menno llolaeaan 

51 Assoc Dean of Inetr-Cnty Ed Dr. Darrell L. cottinghaa 


COFFEY V1LLE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

11th and Willow, Cofteyville 67337 Congressional District: 5 
County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 001910 

Telephone (316) 251-7700 Entity Nuober: 1 -48 -069- 8570 -A 1 

Established 1923 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,349 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- state) : $400 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NR 

01 President Dr. Russell 11. Graham 

04 Administrative Assistant Hr. Jack HcHickLe 

06 Registrar Hiss Cheri Clark 

32 Dean Student Services........... Hr. Ty Patterson 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Krs. Barbara J. Pendleton 

10 Dean of Administration Mr. Gilmer Nellis 

08 Head Librarian Dr. Rosemary Henderson 

07 Director of Adaissions Vacant 


COLBY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1255 South Range, Colby 67701 Congressional District: 1 

County: Thomas FTCF Identification: 001911 

Telephone (913) 462-3904 Entity Number: 1 -48-069-8000- A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,975 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-stat.e) : $500 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
program : Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 111), ADVE1 , PTA A 

01 President Dc . James H. Tangemar. 

36 Dean Cmty Serv-Dir Placement Mr. Robert «. Carrier 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Alan J. Scheibneir 

32 Dean Stdnt Serv and Finan Aid Mr. Gary D. Schultz 

10 Business Officer Mr. Lavrence E. Mahoney 

06 Registrar... Mr. Joe D. Mildrexler 

0Q Librarian Mrs. Ruth H. Lowenthal 

27 Director of Information Office Ms. Kathy A. Kcuqer 

30 Director of Student Counseling Vacant 


COWLEY COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

125 South Second, Arkansas city 67005 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Ccvloy FICE Identification: 001902 

Telephone (316) 442-0430 Entity Number: 1- 40-073-5167- A 1 

Established 1922 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,641 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $450 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 

^ 

32 Dean of Students "^r^Ifon F* Buffo 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Anton F. Buffo 

10 Dean of Administration Me. Sidney J- J^nier 

06 Registrar Me- Valter J. Hathia^meier 

DODGE CITY COHMUNITY COLLEGE 

1 

nn ... t »»-»•«• 5°. »<>*«■ “« t,8 " n , ces8l< , na i District: - 
conntv Ford FICE Identification: 001913 

Telephone (316) 225-1321 Entity Number: 1 -48-069-7948-Al 

Established 1935 

Enrollment. Undergraduate luitlon and Fees (In -State) : $4 30 
Control; State/Local Semes er 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 ,_ Yp . r 

program; Terminal Occupational Eelow Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 

Accreditation: NH, PNUR Charles H. Barnes 

01 President........ Harlow D. McCosh 

05 Dean of Instruction H Sernon v _ nai 

32 Dean of student Personnel •' ’orVille P. Kliever 

10 Dean of Business services. ' w. Trice 

08 Dir Learning Resource center ‘"‘fiobeJt F. Bartkoski 

07 Director of Admissions... H „ C . HcGugin 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Irt “ iS6 j. jaabot 

26 Director Public Relations. Peterson 

51 Director Continuing Education.... VanUninghan 

68 Director Athletics.. n 



Ci»sfcs___. 


146 


DONNELLY COLLEGE 

1236 Sandusky Awe, Kansas City 66102 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Wyandotte FICE Identification: 001914 

T ale f hone (913) 621-6070 Entity Number: 1-48-062-3882-A1 

Established 1949 Coed 

Emollient: 495 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 1870 

Affiliation: Roian Catholic Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Rev. Raymond J. Davern 

m Director Coaputer Center Hr. Anthony Taylor 

08 Academic Dean Vice President Sr. Virginia Hinton 

07 Dir Adais 6 Acticg Registrar Hr. Peter Adaas 

36 Dir Cooperative 1 ducat ion Hr. Eugene Williams 

03 Dir Instrl Media center Ms. Hary Troutman 

32 Coordinator Student Services.... Ms. Joyce Fischer 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Stephen Goceljak 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Anthony Regina 

30 Director of Development Sr. H. Blaise cillessen 

27 Publicity Director.... Hr. Foss Farrar 

29 Aluani Director Ms. Sylvia Harris 

0u Assistant to the President. Mrs. Frances T. Hay 

09 Dir Institutional Research.. Sr. Joan Offenburger 

EMPORIA STATE UNIVEESITY 

1200 Conercia 1 Street, Eiporia 66001 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Lyon FICE Identification: 001927 

Telephone (316) 343-1200 Entity Number: 1-U8-602-9925-15 

Established 1863 Coed 

Entollaent: 6,169 

Undergraduate Tuition and pees (In-State) : 3609 
control: state Seaester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacber Preparatory 
Accreditation: MB, LIB, MUS, TED 

01 President John E . vi3ser 

05 Vice Pres for Acadenic Affairs Dr. Kala Stroup 

u0 Asst to Pres levelop-Eub Aif Dr. Jaaes Meyer 

TO Business Manager Mr. » al ter G. Clark 

0b registrar...... Mr. CUnt Jt Webber 

0d college Librarian Dr. George V. Hodowanec 

32 Vice President student Affairs Dr. John R. Webb 

0 fa DarC f 31 Ula !. Bowman 

}J Sector Vt n i ! ce?ent '*‘: " rs - ¥ir 9inia Musgrave 

14 Director of Data processing Dr. M. Lloyd Edwards 

3d Dir Counseling Services Dr Pat „ arip 

27 Director Information Services flt . p au i Kincaid 

03 Dir Instnl Plan and Studies Dr. Bill H. Schult® 

15 Affinitive Acticn Officer Dr. Charles Colb«! 

29 Director of Aluani Relations Mr , David Eldridae 

51 Dir cont Ed 6 Assoc Grad Dean E?! DavSJ Croon 

71 Dean of Acadeaic Services Dr. J i 

53 Dean Grad ard Prof Studies Dr 

OJ Dean Scb Education-Psychology Dr RiJhard^Shl 

4 3 Dean Sch Literal Acts-Sciences. . . !. I!”’/ 5chn S Re!™ 

75 Dean Applied Arts and Science D , i eo « 

FOfiT HAYS ST AT I UNIVERSITY 

County^ 6 °ilia Congressional District: 1 

Enroilaent; 5,644 " r Coed 

Control; state Oadergradliat0 3uitio “ and Fees (In-State) : J690 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate® 3161 
Drograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, nub, rad, TED eparatory 

05 Vice fres for Academic Affairs.. ^ W ' I ° Ban f k 

10 Vice Pres Ad,in and Finance ...*'»r''wSu« J 

On Registrar nr. waiter E. Keating 

07 Asst Director of Mission's’.'.'.'.'."','.'.'. , f'L!; 

■j* vice president Student Affairs !.”d? Bill n 

J4 Assoc Dean of Students Dr * Bl „ °* Jellison 

3 3 Asscc Dean cf Students....... * Brs ' Docot hy Knoll 

30 2iec Assistant to President!."! I*’*!*’ ??* Becl> s °nger 

25 special Asst to President.. . . nt ’ Ro I! ald c * Pflughoft 

04 Ada inv Assistant to President!’!"” , n Harbi *i 

09 Dir of Institutional Research.! Kiss tois i. flyerly 

29 Exec Sec of Aluani Association...”! £“* , x * De * 

36 Director of Placement 1* N ”* Sall 7 » a rd 

37 Dir student Financial Aid !! ! !!!!‘Mc”carrni j8 ? k f ns 

oi.. carra.ii l. Beardslee 


27 Director Information Services Mr. Robert lower* 

14 Director of Computer center Mr. Keith Faulkner 

08 Director of Library Dr. Dean F> . Hillard 

26 Asst Dir Public Relations Mr. Bernard Harvey 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Robert Hat harry 

58 Dean of the Graduate Faculty Dr. Jinny H. Rico 

53 Dean of Education Faculty Dr. Lavier L. Staven 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts Faculty Dr. Leland Bartholoaev 

66 Dean of the Nursing Faculty Dr. Elaine Harvey 

50 Dean of the Business Faculty Dr. Dale Johansen 

00 Assoc Vice Pres for Acad Aff Dr. William R. Thompson 


FORT SCOTT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

2108 South Horton, Fort Scott 66701 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Bourbon FICE Identification: 001916 

Telephone (316) 223-2700 Entity Number: 1 - 48- 072-34 US- M 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,105 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In- St a te) : $420 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Wayne KcElroy 

06 Dean of Adnissions-Registrar Emory Ft . Arnold 

05 Dean of Instruction James R. Grote 

38 Director Student counseling Gary Butler 

32 Dean Stdnt Pers Serv-Finan Aid Daniel P. Vandewy nJtol 

10 Business Manager Mary Sue Flagg 

08 Librarian Margaret Raines 

75 Dean of Special Programs Robert L. Estes 

FRIENDS BIBLE COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 288, Haviland 67059 Congressional District: 1 

County: Kiowa FICE Identification: 0019 ’7 

Telephone (316) 062-5252 Entity Humber: 1-40-055-4341- A1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 167 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,750 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semostor 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BX 

01 President Dr. Norman V. Bridges 

06 Dean and Registrar Dr. Fred B. Johnson 

08 Librarian Mrs. Roberta M. Leinlngor 

10 Business Manager Mrs. Hntry Hoaloc 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Jack L. Holliday 

26 Public Affairs Director Hr. Dale Field 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Herbert 31. Fra2ioc 

FRIENDS UNIVERSITY 

2100 University, Wichita 67213 Congressional District: 4 

county: Sedgwick FICE Identification: 00 19 18 

Telephone (316) 261-5800 Entity Number: 1-40-054-7702- A1 

Established 1898 Coed 

909 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,930 

Affiliation: Friends Semestoc 

Highest Offering: 4 cr 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS, TED 

ftR Dr. Richard E. Felix 

in *° ade “ ic U ean Dr. Harper L. Cole 

na n?? 1 ? 8 ? anager Mr. Billy D. Warner 

49 nif. . Hesouices center Dr. Hans Bynagle 

36 ; f Stad8 ? ts MC. Merle Johnson 

It ni * i 0 * 0f placeoent Mrs. Diane Hyborg 

25 JUffiF”**;: Mr. KimQara 

29 ? 6Ct ? r Dc « George Potts 

14 niro t n f Aluani Relations Mrs. Lois Finley 

37 nfr ^nL C * B S? teC ? erv:ices . Hr. Dale Roborts 

45 PiLtit' r V Pinancial Mrs. Jessie Rutherford 

Planning 6 Research Associate Dr. Woodrow Goodman 

GARDEN CITY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

801 Campus Drive, Garden City 67846 

County: Finnev Ccngressional District: 1 

laleohonp fill „ c FICE Identification: 0019 19 

Established {g’l 9 Entity Husibers 1-40-069-8 107- A ’ 

Enrollment: 1,302 Coed 

Control: Local t,ndergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *U29 
Highest offering; 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

Principanv n ^he? UP t ti0nal Del0 '* Bachei 0^®i 2-Yeac 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 



KANSAS 


Accredit at ion: it El 

C> I pcosidant ....... - Dr. Thomas F. saffell 

05 Dean of Instruction - Dr. Asel V. Harder 

32 Doan Student Aff-Blr Finan Aid--- Hr. Ronald Hopkins 

IQ Business Manager Hr. John Dickerson 

96 librarian - Hiss Patsy R. Kuddick 

06 scan Admis Res and Development. Hr. Larry Fowler 

Si Dean of Community Sorvices Mrs. Elizabeth Barbers 

BiSKELL IHDIAll JUNICR COLLEGE 

Lawrence 66044 Congressional District: 3 

County: Douglas F1CE Identification: 010438 

Telephone (913) 041-2000 Entity Number: 1-48-618-4358-A1 

Established 1004 Coed 

Enrollment: 951 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : JO 
Control: Federal Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Loss Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-lfeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation.: Nil, DA 

Ol President.... Hr. Wallace E. Galluzzi 

03 vice Pres & Chief Bus Officer... Hr. Everette E. Bowman 

05 Dean of Instruction... Vacant 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Frank L. Quiring Jr. 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Vacant 

OS Supervisory librarian He. Hilton s. Overby 

37 Financial Aids Officer Hr. Joseph i. Hzhickteno 

09 Coord Institutional Evaluation Hr. Rcllin Kekahbah 


SESSION C0L1E6E 

Hosator, 67062 Congressional District: 4 

Coimty; Harvey FICE Identification: 001920 

telephone (316) 327-4221 Entity Humber: 1- 48-054-0361-A1 

Established 1909 Coed 

Enrollment: 665 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,250 

Affiliation: Henncnite Church 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Loss Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADN1IR 

01 interim President and Dean Dr. James Hininger 

32 Dir Student serv- Admis-Comaun Hr. Bill Mason 

10 Director of Finance Hr. Howard Hershberger 

06 Reg lstrar Hs. Brna Saltzman 


HIGHLAND COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


P o Box 60, Highland 66035 Congressional District: 2 

County: Doniphan PICE Identification: 001921 

Telephone (9 13) 442-3230 Entity Number: 1-40-076-0016-A1 

Established 1057 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,195 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $440 
Control: Local Semester 

High eufc Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Jack D. Nutt 

06 Registrar Mcs ' Dea 

32 Dean of Student Services Hr- Douglas L. Fitch 

08 Librarian Mrs, Kathleen G. ShattucX 

10 Dean of Business Affairs Hiss Hary E. Roberts 

05 Dean of Instruction Br. John F. Harxen Sr. 

56 Pt Leavenworth Can Ed Director.. Mr. Harold E. AiecK 


HUTCHINSON COMMUNITY COLLEGB 

1300 North Plum Street, llutchinscn 67501 x . . „ 

Congressional District: 4 
Couaty: Heno FICE Identifications 001923 

Telephone (316) 665-3500 Entity Number: 1-40-069-7529-A1 

Established 1928 coea 

Enrollment j 2,511 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) . $422 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, MRT, RAD 

01 President * ... vacant 

05 Academic Dean., Dr. George l- Cooper 

3 6 Dean of Student Services Dr. James H. stringer 

32 Dean of Student Affairs He. Harion B. 

10 Dean of Finance. Hr. T. 

14 Director Computer Center Hr. Kenneth D. 

07 Director of Admissions Hs - Deborah s * 

06 Director of Records Dr. H. louise Johnson 

0B Director of Library Services...... Ms * Caraen L. y 


30 Coordinator of Develcpnent Ns. Judith W. Vhisker 

27 Coordinator Public Information Hrs. Debra A. Oswalt 

75 Dean Technical Educaticr Hr. ceane T. Banker 

51 Dean Continuing Education Mr, Jack w. Morris 


INDEPENDENCE COHHUHITY COLLEGE 

Btookside Drive & Col Ave, Independence 67301 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 001924 

Telephone (316) 331-4100 Entity Number: 1-48-072-0287 -A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,103 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(in-State) : l«20 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor' s Creditable 
Accred itation : NH 

01 President. Or. Richard H. Taylor 

05 Dean of Instruction....... Hr. Leon M. Poster 

08 Librarian Hrs. De Lois Singleton 

06 Regstr & Director Admissions Mr. Neil R. Edds 

38 Director of Guidance Mr. David A. Vinford 

10 Business Manager.. Hcs. Mary M. Sumner 

26 Dir of Public Relations Mrs. Joann C. McDowell 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mr. villiaa H. Juby 

45 Assistant Dean of Instruction Hr. Thouas J. Snyder 


JOHNSON COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Col Blvd at Ouivica Fd, Overland Park 66210 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Johnson ' FICE Identification: 008244 

Telephone (913) 889-8500. Entity Number: 1- 48-073-5009-A 1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,908 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $525 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Eelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADHUR, dh, HRT 
01 President Dr * Joha £, . C i ee ? 

04 Assistant to the President D F;, Glc ? „ 

05 Dean of Instruction Allan I. Kurki 

32 Dean of Student Services Mrs. Linda L. Dayton 

10 Dean Administrative Services Hr. Robert Carpenter 

09 Dir institutional Research Dr. Elaine L. Tathan 

07 Director of Admissions 

27 Director Public Information «s. Barbara Smith 

51 Dean community Education Hr * Dane l°nborg 

KANSAS CITY KANSAS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

7250 State Avenue, Kansas City 66112 , 

Congressional District: 3 

r ., lntt . Wyandotte FICE Identification: 001925 

Telephone 7 (913) 334-1100 Entity Number: 1 -48-069-7720-A^ 

Established 1923 coea 

Enrollment. Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $420 
Control: Local Senes eu 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Yea« 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bacheloc s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 

Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, FUSER ^ ^ ^ 0avies 

01 President....... Bex Griffin 

10 Dean of Business Harlorie Blank 

32 .ss.c »o.n SM 0 t P«rs l.!5« 5 Ra.s.y 

05 Dean of Instruction.......... Hr . Bon stuap 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions • ■ • • ••••• u raru thers 

15 Kslt to n.s r.d.r.1 Atf.ir. «• s *“ r iol h!;, SuSlSHn 

55 Administrator-Extended H ^ s Deborah Clough 

51 Assoc Dean Community Education.... •• Johnson 

75 Assoc Dean Instr-Voc Education Dr. Charles 

KANSAS NEWHAN COLLEGE 

3100 McCormick Avenue, Wichita 67213 0Sslonal Distr ict: 4 

, . . FICE Identification: 001939 

-«« — *« i -' s ' os5 - 67 ’^ 

ESiUS III' ««.—*• *■“*■ “ a 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic t e 

Accreditation: NH, ANEST sav> Homan Galiardi 

oi president.. sc. Thecese wetta 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs. ..... 



jjHSAS 


148 


10 Director Easiness-Planning Mr. Prances Sheridan 

06 Registrar . Miss Shirley Rueb 

09 Librarian Mr. Robert Gorman 

32 Dean of Students Dr. James Prosser 

20 Director of Alumni Relations..... Hr. Jack Gladfeiter 

27 Dir Publics tas-Public Info... Miss Rebecca Martin 

38 Counselor Mrs. Doris Picotte 

07 Director of Admissions .1r. Hichael Stewart 

14 Director of Computer Center... Sr. Joann Hark 

«5 Asst to President for Planning..... Dr. Janes Prosser 

37 Dir Student Financial lid Hiss Kathleen Wille 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placenent Hiss Lori Cregan 


KANSAS STATE UNIVERSITY 0? AGRICULTURE AND APPLIED SCIENCE 

Hanhattan 66506 Congressional District: 2 

County: Riley FICE Identification: 001928 

Telephone (913) 532-6222 Entity Number: 1- 48-077-1751-A1 

Established 1063 Coed 

Enrollaent: 10,615 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(ln-State) : 1764 
Control: State Senester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P cofessional 

Accreditation: NH, ARCH , BUS, DIET, ENG, EIDER, JOUR, ISAR, 
HOS, SP, SW , TED, VET 

0 1 President Dr. Duane C. Acker 

05 Provost... Dr. Owen Koeppe 

30 Vice Pres for flniv Development Hr. Gene B. Cross 

32 Vice Pres fcr Student Affairs Dr. Chester E. Peters 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Hr. Daniel D. Beatty 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. G. Jay Rausch 

09 Director Educatdcnal Research Dr. Donald p. Hoyt 

26 Dir Hgat Infornation Systems Mr. Donald H. Tarrant 

06 Dean Admissions and Records Dr. William R. Feyerharn 

27 Dir of Oniversit j Information Mr. Robert K. Bruce 

33 Dean of Students Dr. Earl Molting 

J4 Dean of acaen Cr. Margaret l. Nordin 

29 Alumni Association Director Mr. Larry Weigel 

37 Dir A ids -Awards- vet era ns Serv Mr. Janes upham 

45 Dir Car Plan and place Center Mr. J. Bruce Laughlin 

14 Director of Confuting Center Dr. Thoaas L. Gallagher 

7 1 Director of the Sunaer School Dr. J. Lance Kramer 

47 Vice President for Agriculture Dr. Rogec L. Hitchell 

56 Dean Grad 3ch-Res Coordinator Dr. Robert F. K'ruh 

56 Dir Cooperative Extension Dr. John Dunbar 

48 Dean Architecture and Design Mr. Becnd Foerster 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences.! Dc. JimS uSS? 

J® ?* in c C ‘ ,M ™ Dr. Robert A. Lynh 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Jordan E. Utsev 

59 Sean ^ 5in _ eBtiD 9 ; Cc. Donald 2. Rathbone 

59 Dean of Home scocoaics cr. Ruth « Hoeflin 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. Donald H. TroJter 


KANSAS TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

2409 scaniao Avenue, Salina 67401 Congressional District: 1 

Emo lloent: 425 Coed 

Control: State grad,jate Tuition ^nd Fees (In-State) : $345 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years Semester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: kh, ENGT 
01 President 

05 Academic Dean * h ? M ? *• Cteec h 

07 Dean of Student Services .'.'.'.'.‘‘*1 B«b«t J i.?!" 8 *!! 

10 Director Operational Affairs £ Emi. ? ?? 

72 Chairman-General Technology ..!! !!” " " £ Geo'rg! p?%^ e S 


KANSAS WESLEYAN 

Salina 67401 . , . 

County: Saline fice^ - 18triCt! 1 

FlianiisheJ'iJls 827 ' 5541 E " tity !,UBbeC: l-«B-054 n i3729-M 

Affiliation: ^United Het JES**'™ ^ "•« «S1 

Highest Offering: 4 cr 5 rear Baccalaureate 1 '‘ l 

01 President.^ 

05 Vice Pres and Dean of Faculty!! ?r‘ ,!i l ll 1, Bra tton 

32 Dean of student Affairs J.. C * ®J chacd .f* p errin 

30 Dir Develop Aluani Relations..!!! i Pancher 

’’O Business Manager ......... nr. Mickey Noolard 

6 Registrar.... Mr. Don Schmitt 

"ts. Roberta Nelson 


06 Librarian.... Hr. Darryl Podoll 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Jack Ropp 

34 Associate Dean of students......... Mrs. Sara Forsoan 

27 Director of Pubiic information... Hrs. Shirley Hounsey 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr, Sheldon woolery 

36 Director of Placement Mrs. Linda Loder 


LABETTE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


200 South 14th, Parsons 67357 Congressional District: 5 

County: Labette FICE Identification: 001930 

Telephone (316) 421-6700 Entity Number: 1-40-069-62 10-M 

Established 1923 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,040 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-Sta te> : $330 
Control: Local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor 'a Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUB 

01 President Dr. Jerry L. Gallentine 

05 Dean of Instruction.... Hr. Gery c. Kochanadel 

07 Dean of Student Services Hr. Billy R, Pounds 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. John G. Morrill 

32 Director of Veteran Affairs Mrs. Janet Eads 

08 Librarian Hr. David L. Zlndel 

56 Director Community Education Mr. Gary J. Northern 

55 Dir of Evening £ summer School Mrs. Jackie Viotti 


MANHATTAN CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 


1407 Anderson, Manhattan 66502 Congressional District: 2 

County: Riley FICE Identification: 0019.31 

Telephone (913) 539-3571 Entity Number: 1-48-Q55-9090-A1 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: 262 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,450 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semafiter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: 81 

01 President Dr. Milford F. town 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Donti A. leach 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. Hiram E . Casnol 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs........... Hr. Robert W. Clove 

08 Librarian Miss Linda R. Williams 

37 Director of Financial Aid .... Mr. Michael S. Shiflott 

03 Exec Vice Pres-Pres Elect Hr. Kenneth E. Cable 

06 Registrar-Admissions Officer Mrs. Janet Dolong 

30 Vice President Development Hr. Ronald Grover 


MARYMOUNT COLLEGE OF KANSAS 


Salina 67401 Congressional District: 1 

county: Saline FICE Identification: 001932 

Telephone (913) 825-210 1 Entity Number: 1-48-054-3730-A » 

Established 1922 Coed 

* 776 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,400 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Sonostoc 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, MUS, NUR, TED 

?! f re -j ia ® nt Sr. Mary Paul Baser 

“ hra ^ ian *; Sr. Bernadine Pachta 

32 Director of Student Affairs Dr. Todd Reynolds 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Steve Mulvenon 

37 Director of student Aid Miss Margaret Frank 

JJ Hana9er - Hr. Robert Layton 

5Q D f vel °P®ent Mr. San Ravdon 

57 J! 1 "?? 1 Relations Ms. Jeanne Kobuszevnki 

nlJ ^ r . 0 L Pabhc Information Mr. George Carroll 

14 nirJJ!! 1 ? lace 6 9°uaseling Mrs. Patricia Gciavood 

58 in!!??!? Confuting center Mr. Hichael Sonsliine 

51 Dire^nr *? en * tl9 Division Sr. Marilyn Stahl 

50 Continuing Dd u cat io n Sr. Mary Agnes Drees 

53 Z2 eiM f a Mr. John Dvacske 

57 Dir prt nr °! ® ducation Mrs. Dorothy Killians 

66 Director ! ! ine . irts Dr. Dennis Denning 

70 Director Nursing Dr. Bernadette CSriggy 

70 Director of Social Work aodnev Peters 

Dir of Religious Studies sr. Catherine Michaud 


+HCPHERSON COLLEGE 

McPherson 67460 
County: McPherson 
Telephone (316) 241-0731 
Established 1887 


Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 001933 
Entity Number: 1-48-054-3736-Al 

Coed 



KANSAS 


Enrollment: 480 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,550 

Affiliation: Church of the Brethren 

Elghest Offering: 4 or 5 Year baccalaureate . . 

Frag ran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s; Liberal Ar 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 

iccreditation: ilH Dr . paul „ llo£fBan 

i 1 P ce s id&ut • «, ^ - n t p T a nt z 

n ISI.Sr.tlS.’sass;:::::::::::::: S- ; : .5*tS: 

U ::: ^"SS?S 

tlt-AHEBlCA HAZARBNE COLLEGE 

SEtM-?" 01athe 66061 ^SSKffikViiS'iSii.i 

Telephone 19 13) 762-3750 Entity Number: 1-48-073-0G14-A 1 

Enrolliientt 1^292 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *1.902 

if fl liation ; Church of Hazarene 

Hiohest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 

01 *^I«an“°"! or. R. Curtis s.lth 

(5 Else »ic« Pres 6 Red Dean ;• 

11 ES!.°r >.nri» 

15 ^ ! 15.;i c sS"li;" e !“iiii:::::::::"^ - »“b;r1i: h o;;..»na 


1EOSHO COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


1000 south Allen, Chanute 66720 congressional District: 5 

County: Neosho F1CE Identifica 

Telephone (316) 431-2820 Entity Number: 1-40-069 S341 At 

Established 1935 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $370 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH „ , _ 

U ^ «rn 5 L ^ c c j 

Si ssasss!!:::::::::.!!: S» 


Ol TATA UNIVERSITY 


10th at cedar, Ottawa 66067 congressional Dist cict. 3 

County: Franlcliq PICE identification: 001937 

Telephone (913) 242-5200 Entity Number: 1-48-054-3772 At 

Established 1865 

En rollaent: 895 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. ' *2,842 

Affiliation: American Baptist semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program; Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH . . _ „ 

01 President. Dr. Robert E. Shaw 

05 Acad Yice pres-cean of the Col Hr. Keith c.. Shumway 

10 Business Manager Mr * Walter L. Pa J k ”^ 

30 Executive Director Development.. Ht. Larry D. Daiiey 

32 bean of Students Dr. Byron E. Waterman 

06 Begstr 5 Dii Instnl Research * Hrs. Annabelle Pence 

08 Librarian -• »*• J * 

07 Director of Aanissions Ms. Joan Valient 

37 Director of Financial Aids Nr. Bonaid C. If 

00 Dean Col without Cam Phoenix Nr* Harold D. Germe r 

51 Bean Col Without Cam Kans cty. Dr. James C. bixiick 

58 Bean of Graduate Studies Er. James C. annex 


PITTSBURG STATE UNIVERSITY 


Accreditation: NH, EHGT, HUS, EUR, SV , TED 

01 President Or. James B. Appleberry 

03 Executive Vice President ° r - c * 

05 Academic Vice President Dt * James E. Gilbert 


10 Business Manager. 


Mr. Clifford E. Beougher 


Pittsburg 66762 Congressional Diet rict. 5 

Corn ty: Crawford PICE Identification: 001926 

Telephone (316) 231-7000 Entity Number: 1-48-611-9268-Ai 

Established 1903 ‘ Coea 

Enrollment: 5, 560 ^ 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : sobu 
C ontrol: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 


25 Asst to Pres Federal Program Er. Alvin II. Proctor 

nf, lan^trar Dr. Lea R. Christensen 

07 Director of Admissions Nr. James E. Parker 

OD Director of Library Services Dr. Stevens W. Hil/ard 

32 Director of Student Services »rs. Wilma Minton 

09 Dir of institutional Research Dr. Terry L. Purcell 

26 Dir Pub Affairs t Information Nr. Wayne J. Davenport 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Dr. Kenneth K. Bateman 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Nr. Garnett E. Bloomcamp 

36 Dir Placement- Field Services - • Dr. L. L. Tracy 

14 Director of Computer center Nr. JlUiM A. Gray 

13 Hgat Info System Director Mr ‘ J® be J t ”* 

15 Director of Personnel... - T ’ F , 

51 Director Continuing Educatior Dt * H>nn»rl 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies »*• J- J* 1 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr ; Bi ^*Fj ra ‘ K III 

50 Dean Business and Economics Dr. Richard K. Hay 

72 Dean of Technology Dc * victor F * Sullivan 


PRATT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


ssSM 6,126 ,^rsssi?s!i.ii:riSiii 

Si“tL.r*5w 672-56. 1 Entity 1-M-«9-9US-»1 

Established 1938 

Enrollment. 1, 1 1 2 naergrai j ua te tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5450 
Control: State/local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Yeats 
Program: Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 

accreditation: NH Norman K> Hyers 

01 President •• * non H ullman 

05 Dean of Instruction PcKinn^v 

10 Dean of Business Services Janes St ra t cor 

32 Dean of Student Services 7 Vacant 

51 Director of Outreach Programs 

SAINT JOHN'S COLLEGE 

Seventh and College, Winfield 67156 CongreMional DlBtrlct , 5 

rft , intv . roulev FICE Identification: 001942 

Telephone (316) 221-4000 Entity Number: 1-48-054-9381-AJ 

EnroLUeilu 2^” Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees: $1,550 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church-Hissouci synod 
iHnhPRt Of f prinq s 2 But Lgss Than ^ YGars 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH ... Mr. Gordon Beckler 

J] President....... •••• 7 * 'william A. Nieberqall 

05 Dean of the Faculty Heal Kaspar 

32 Dean of Students *“***''* ‘‘ ,’ Rev. Fred J. Wippich 

06 Registrar Mrs. Josephine Palmer 

10 Business Manager. ... Wallace D, Behrhorst 

07 Dean of Administration BeV ; KJ. J lnd ; Bredehoft 

08 Librarian ...... * »••• Larrv Junket 

30 Director of Development.... • 

SAINT MARY COLLEGE 

•100 = 2 
. FICE identification: 001943 

» n n"r««-oioi 

S? Tuition un6 Rout: 62,05. 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

mohest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program; liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional . 

Accreditation: NH, HWS, TED ^ Janet McGilley 

01 president.... ^ joan sue „ j_ ller 

05 Dean of Studies.. *c”’Harv Elizabeth Kelly 

32 Dean of students.... Hr ; Robert Horrison 

10 Business Manager...... hr'/ it. vincentia Ha conick 

30 Development Director sr hnna p ose Hanne 

08 Chief Librarian Mrs. ' Sandra Van (loose 

06 Registrar,.........* ‘ S cs. Danielle Barr 

07 Director of Admissions.... ^ H louis<1 Sullivan 

09 Dii Institutional Research ‘ * * ' " * „ Ka rle Therese Bride 

29 Dir Alumnae Association....^ Paula Timmons 

38 Dii counseling and Place Bant .......... Angela Lavery 

37. Dir student Financial Aid Craig Davis 

27 Director Information office. * Karl Helse i 

os nlmctor of Public Relations. 



£JHS&5. 


SAINT HART OF THE PLAINS COLLEGE 

240 San Jose Drive, Dodge city 67801 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Ford FICE Identification: 001944 

Telephone (316) 225-41 71 Entity Number: 1-48-056-8581-A1 

Established 1952 Coed 

Enrollment: 661 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,640 

Affiliation: F.onan Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess ional 

Accreditation: NH, *HUS, TED 

01 President . Dr. Michael J. McCarthy 

05 Academic Dean Sr. Barbara Baer 

07 Dir Stdnt Pinan Aid - Ad mission s. Mrs. Rita Bayless 

06 Registrar Mr. Vincent Laudick 

08 Librarian. Sr. Hildegarde Struble 

29 Secretary of Alumni... Sr. M. Meleesa Ryczek 

32 Dean of Student Development Hr. Frank Diskin 

ID Treasurer Sr. Martina White 

30 Dir Research and Developaent Hr. Larry Kramer 


SEWARD COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Bor 1137, Literal 67901 Congressional District; 1 

County: Seward FICE Identification: 00822B 

Telephone (316) 624-1951 Entity Nunber: 1- 48-075-6704- A1 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrolloent: 1,115 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : $420 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. James E. Hooper 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Donald E. Guild 

10 Business Manager Hr. Darrell B. Neaville 

32 Dean Stdnt Serv and Finan Aids..... Mr. Larry F. Kruse 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. Edward E. Berger 

SOUTHWESTERN COLLEGE 

Winfield 67156 Congressional District: 5 

County: Covlsy FICE Identification: 001940 

Telephone (3 16) 221-41 50 Entity lluober: 1- 40-054-3715-A1 

Established 1885 Coed 

Enrollment: 656 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,600 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4- 1-u 

Highest Offering.: 4 or 5 rear Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: NH, HUS 

01 President.. Dr. Robert P. Sessions 

05 Dean of the college Dr. Robert «. Evans 

10 Business Manager Mr. Earl D. Spidel 

30 Director of Developaent Hu. Roger E. Russell 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Carl A. Pagles 

09 Dir Institutional Research Er. Richard LI. Dunfee 

32 Dean of Students Dr. p a j, Novka 

08 Librarian. Hr. Daniel L. Nutter 

06 Registrar Hr. Ralph W. Cecker Or. 

STERLING COLLEGE 

Sterling 67579 Congressional District: 1 

County: Pice FICE Identification: 001945 

Telephone (316) 270-2173 Entity Nunber: 1-48-054-372B-A1 

Established 1807 Coed 

Enrolloent: 491 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,770 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prog can: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President Dr. Charles W. Schoenherr 

30 Director of Development Dr. Robert E. Frisbee 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance.. Mr. Samuel p. Kvasnica 

06 Registrar «r. Robert Reed 

07 Director of Admissions i.. Du. Janet L. Splitter 

08 Librarian... Hrs. Louise Snyder 

32 Dean Student Development.. Er. Philip E. Hunsinger 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Eeuben Brooks 

TABOR COLLEGE 

Hillsboro 67063 Congressional District: 4 

County: Haricn FICE Identification: 001946 

Telephone (316) 947-3121 Entity Nunber: 1-48-055-6726-A1 

Established 1908 Coed 

Enrollment: 445 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,560 


Affiliation: Mennonite Brethren Church 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Prep 
Accreditation: NH, MUS, SW 
01 President Rev 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr 

32 Dean of Student Development 

10 Business Manager Mr 

30 Dir Institutional Advancement Dr. 

06 Registrar Mr 

08 Head Librarian Mrs. G 

37 Financial Aid Officer....... Mr. Wal 

27 Director of Public Relations Mrs. R 

07 Director of Admissions.... Mr 

29 Director Alumni Relations 


aratory 

. Vernon Janzen 
. lorin Heufeld 
Hr. Jack Braun 
. Loren Reussec 
Allen R. Grunau 
. John L. Evert 
eorgina Johnson 
ter Kleinsasser 
ebekah Basinger 
. Barry Jackson 
Mr. Alvin Isaac 


UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Lawrence 66045 Congressional District: 3 

County: Douglas FICE Identification: 029002 

Telephone (913) 064-3131 Entity Number: 1 -40-603-3927-A2 

01 Acting Chancellor Dr. Delbert H, Shankel 

04 Assistant to Chancellor Mr. Richard Von Ende 

10 Univ Dir Bus-Fiscal Affairs Mr. Keith t. Hitcher 

30 Pres Endowment Association Mr. Todd Seymour 

29 Exec Dir Alumni Association Mr. Dick Vintermote 

09 Univ Dir Instnl Res-info Sys Dr. Richard L. Mann 

15 Univ Dir of Support Services Mr. Rodger Oroke 

45 Univ Dir Facilities Planning Mr. Allen L. Wiechert 


♦UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS MAIN CAMPUS 

Lawrence 66045 Congressional District: 3 

County: Douglas FICE Identification: 001948 

Telephone (913) 864-3131 Entity Number: 1 -40-602-9925-D1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollment: 24,125 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $771 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ARCH, ART, AUD, DUS, CLPSY, COPSY, P.NG, 
JOUR, LAW, MUS, 0T, PIIAR, SP, SW, TED 

01 Acting Chancellor.. Dr. Delbert M. Shankel 

03 Executive Vice Chancellor Dr. Robert P. Cobb 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Ralph E. christof fersen 

32 Vice Chanc Student Affairs Dr. David A. Ambler 

50 Vice Chanc Res-Grad 6 Pub Serv Dr. Prances D. Elorowitz 

10 Assoc Univ Dir Bus-Fiscal Aff Mr. L. Martin Jones 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records Dr. Gilbert K. Dyck 

00 Dean of Libraries Dr. James Ranz 

09 Dir Instnl Research Planning Ms. Deborah J. Teeter 

15 Director Personnel ' Mr. David levin 

33 Dean of Student Services Mr. Donald K. ALderson 

34 Dean of Student Life Dr. Caryl Smith 

25 Dir Res Supp 6 Grant Admin Ms. Carolyn A. Hallenbeck 

38 Dir Univ Counseling Center Dr. Richard H. Rundquist 

14 Director Information Systems.... Mr. Jerry R. Hagnuson 

45 Director Facilities Planning Mr, R. Keith Lawton 

37 Director Student Financial Aid..... Mr. Jerry Rogers 

36 Director University Placement Mr. Vernon Geisler 

26 Director University Relations Ms. Robin Eversole 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Robert ,T. Senecal 

49 A ctg Dean Libl Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Robert Hoffmann 

61 Dean of Lav Dr. Michael J. Davis 

54 Dean of Engineering «. Dr. David C. Kraft 

48 Actg Dean Arch 6 Urban Design Er. tennis E. Donee 

50 Acting Dean of Business.. Dr. Jack E. Gaumnitz 

67 Dean of Pharmacy Dr. Howard E. Mossberg 

60 Dean of Journalism.. Dr. P. Del Erinkoan 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Dale P. ScannelL 

57 Dean of Pine Arts... Dr. James Hoesec 

70 Dean of Social Welfare Dr. David A. Hardcastle 

♦UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS MEDICAL CENTER 

39th 6 Rainbow Boulevard, Kansas City 66103 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Wyandotte FICE Identification: 004605 

Telephone (913) 580-1201 Entity Number: 1-48-602-9925-02 

Established 1905 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,102 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $580 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: 6NH, ANEST, AUD, CYTO, DIETI , MED, MR A, HT , 

NHT, NUR, PTA, PAD, BSTH , PTT, SP 




151 


KENTUCKY 


Ji Executive Vice Chancellor Cr. David Waxman 

10 Assoc Univ Dir Dus-Fiscal Aff (1c. Toe Gceeson 

a* Vice Chanc Hosp Administration Dr. Masahiro Chiga 

05 vice Chanc tor Clin Affairs Cr. Charles R . Hartman 

56 D-ir Stdnt Admissions e Records Hr. Halter Gehlbach 

21 Director Alumni Center Hs. Helen H. Sics 

15 Director Personnel Hr. Dill Tusten 

25 Dean for Research....- Dr. Billy Hudson 

19 Director Information Systems........ Hr. Jim Hoyer 

09 Dir Instnl Research & Planning Hr. Michael l. Hocley 

03 Director Library..... - hr. Earl Farley 

26 Director University Relations Hs. Susan Shipley 

51 Dir of Outreach S Cont Ed Dr. Joseph Heek 

*5 Director Facilities Planning Hr. Gerald l. Imoing 

66 Dean of School of Nursing Dr. Doris A. Geitgey 

61 Dean ot Medicine Kansas City Dr. James Lowtaan 

CO Dean o£ Medicine Wichita Dr. William Reals 

59 Dean ot Allied Health Dr. Stata Horton 

56 Dean for Graduate Studies Dr. Kinping Hong 

HASHBURIf UHIVP.RSITY OP TOPEKA 

Top-oka 66621 Congressional District: 2 

County: Shawnee FICE Identification: 001999 

Telephone (913) 295-6300 Entity Humber: 1-40-603-0115-A1 

Established 1065 Coed 

Enrollment; 5,763 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $830 
Controls Local Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
pro teas ional 

Accreditation: Nil , LAW, HUS, NUR, SH , TEE 

01 president John "• Henderson 

•35 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. C. Robert Haywood 

10 Vice Pres Finan Aff -Treasurer Hr. Louis E. Hosiman 

32 Vice Peer. Student Affairs. - Dr. Lloyd lee Dodson 

33 Assistant Dean of students.... Hr. Gregory G. Grerder 

06 Reg 1st rat- Dir Adctlssions Hr. John E. Triggs 

08 University Librarian Mrs. Charlene Hurt 

09 Aest to Vice Pros Acad Affairs Mr. Allen 1. Die* es 

39 Assistant Dean of Students Hiss Elinor L. Saville 

37 Dir Finan Aid and Placement Hr- Martin J. HcGreevy 

15 Personnel Director . Ch ^ C !; e f r ' lr !li 

In Director of Computer Center Hr. Kristopher L. Acheart 

27 Oir Informational Services JJ 8 * 

30 Vice Pres Instnl Advancement n n „i 

99 Dean College Arts & Sciences •• Dr- P“ U J; 

51 Dean Special Instrl Services Dr. James H. Young 

61 Dean of the Law School A*' A l 1 J* 

59 Dean School of Business Dr ^ r Ri ?firo vinne 

53 Chairman of Education - »=• “ 11 fnJ^obb 

59 Chairman of Home Economics ° rr iJhn iLtis 

69 chairman of Music nJeJ jiJcke? 

7C Chairman of Social Work Hs. Donna T. Love 

WICHITA STATE UNIVERSITY 

virhlta 67908 Congressional District: 4 

clStS SJSic. «« Identification: 001950 

Telephone (316) 669-3456 Entity Humber: 1-40-602 9925 C6 

Established 1092 

Enrollment, 16#6 2* d0rgradl|ate Tu ition and Foes (In-State) : 3624 
_ , . SGtDGStEr 

Control: State 

Highest offering: Eoctorate 

Programs Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory, 

Accreditation: 1 Mil, APCP, AUD, BUS, Dll, EHG, HUS, NUR, P1A, 

01 President P * V.'.™ -- «*. CUrt D. Ahlberg 

Ss Knees’ for Academic Affairs Dr John B. 

39 Executive Vice President Hr. H- R- R . 1 , h . tla '* 

32 Tice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. J» 888 J; : B J at J-JJJ 

10 vice Pees for Business Affairs R r. Roger • 

36 Placement Director b o?io£hlK 

14 Director of Computer Center • A G. Rector 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. lar y J le 

26 Dir info and Public Events "Ji ft 2?± C k*sSdSr mann 

25 Dir Res-Sponsor Program Hr. G . ScJiad 

08 Dean of Libraries nr. “ p Platt 

09 Assoc Vice Pres Instnl Studies Hr! ‘william t. wjnne 

ti v'SEii.'TEU. i 

19 Chief at university Police Hr. 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts X Roderberq 

63 Bean- 111th Related Professions ....... • Or. Sidney D. erw i lliqe r 

57 Dean of Fine Arts.. tT ’ ? 'Jilhffi 

54 Dean of Engineering.... Jr. ^ chaffee 

50 Dean Business Administration ? E 1 nannincfield 

58 Can of Or.fu.t. school... 

51 Dean of Continuing Education. • * R iigsell Wentworth 

7 V Director of the Summer School....... Dr. C. Russex 


KEHTUCKY 


ALICE LLOYD COLLEGE 

Pippa Passes 41844 Congressional District: 7 

County: Knott Fid Identification: 001951 

Telephone (606) 368-2101 Entity Humber: 1 -6 1 -0 49-235:- A 1 

Established 1921 Coed 

Enrollment: 231 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,000 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or S Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: 5C 

01 President Dr. jerry C. Davis 

05 Academic Dean . Dr. Wallace Campbell 

10 Chief Finance Officer... Hr. Ernest J. Endian 

32 Dean of Stdnts-Dir Coty Serv. .......... . Hr. Janes R. Bergman 

07 Director of Admissions.......... Hr. Billy C. Malton 

06 Registrar... nrs. TheLmarle Tharnsberry 

08 Librarian Mrs. Charlotte S. Madden 


ASBURY COLLEGE 

Wilmore 40390 Congressional District: 5 

County: Jessamine PICE Identification: 001952 

Telephone (606) 058-3511 Entity Humber: 1 -6 1-OU5-B355- Ai 

Established 1990 

Enrollment: 1,231 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,9U2 

Control: Independent nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc, HUS, SW 

01 President Dt . Dennis F. Kinlav 

05 Dean Academic Affairs Dt- Williao B. Coker 

10 Asst to Pres for Bus Affairs (It. Harry Greenberg 

32 Dean of Student Development Dr. Javan Dargan 

30 Asst for In3tnl Advancement.... Rev- l . ,a ![ 0 ^ 

55 USTS'-Ji-::! :::::::::::::: 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. William E. E y 

14 Director of'computer Services Hr- Jj* rl ”l r 5* jiHlI 

27 Dir Pub Info 5 Pub Relations Hr - Henry Jam-s 

♦ASBURY THEOLOGICAL SEHIHARY 
silooce 00390 

County: Jessamine , lc f, '? i ti 

Telephone (606) 850-3581 Entity Humber: 1-61-044 5023^ 

SiJSStf 53” utdorotoOu.to Tuition ana «... « 

S“. 1 t , o i t «T»3rs«;s:. p u“io 

Program: Professional 

Accreditation: THE0L Dc> FranK 0> st8ngec 

05 Vice Pres Acad A jjjjjjjjgjj* I*. *«c . “euge^lAinteoith 

IS IiS 5K3 i r«S?ri5SS;:: ; 

32 Dean of Students Mr _ [j_ g, yaupel 

0B Librarian * ",*Hr. Haw E. Banker 

06 Registrar. ‘I*’.! ‘..‘hr. Cary B. Rickman 

07 Director of Admissions. 

BELL ARM IKE COLLEGE 

nnub.n, „o.a, Loul.vill. U0M5 

«ti., >.u.« 

"oSi unflengraduatn Tuition ... 

Affiliation: Soman Catholic 

££S«°“:5«r.“ «**«•««» preparatory ! 

Professional 

Accreditation: SC, SAD Dr> Eugene V. Petrik 

01 President.. *’*'HEgr. Raymond J. Treece 

03 Executive Vice President... .... Dr. Haney Hovacd 

05 Vice Pres & Dean Acad Affairs.. Mr# tennis Riggs 

30 Vice Pres for External Affairs... o _ Kaapschae fer Jr. 

10 Vice Pres for Finan Affairs H ^ william J. Stewart 

32 Dean of Students.. ’ HCi pobert Pfaadt 

06 Registrar and Dean Admissions.. Miss jQan We ttig 

0B Director of the Library... "ir. H- Robert Sullivan 

15 Dir Pers-Student Finances u Ct sa» Rosenberg 

14 Director of Data Center ....«■ * 



SSgHrycjsx 


152 . 


BEREA COLLEGE 

® 9rea Congressional District: 5 

County: Madison FICE Identification: 001955 

Telephone (606) 986-9341 Entity Number: 1-61-Q44-4650-A1 

Established 1855 Coed 

Enrollment: 1, 432 Un dergradunte Tuition and Pees: $137 

Control: Independent Hcnprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, HUR, TED 

0 1 President............ Willis D. Weatherford 

10 Business Vice President Kar i . aarninn 

45 5ici S p aCt 'd° Presi(lerit Randolph Osborne 

45 vice President Finance Leiuh a jnn« 

32 vice Pres Labor 6 student Life William p./paosay 

Q7 Director 1 ' ria' : Janes B. Masters 

37 Assoc Dean for Labor-Finance !.*!!.*!.’* John R. Ileneisen 

14 Director of Computer Center Larry R Hensor 

05 Acad 6 5 DeV p l0I: -r ,t CoocdiDatoc Dorothy Coffey 

05 Acad vice President and Dean Willian ?. stolte 

38 Assoc Dean Acadeaic Affairs p au i n,.. r 

29 Director of Alumni Association Rodney c. Bussey 

30 Vice President Development Clarence i y n nn n 

15 Director Personnel Services ..:?”ohn 0* Henry 

09 Dir institutional Research !!!.!: Jecoe^!!^? 

+ BCWLING GREEN BUSINESS COLLEGE 

1141 State Street, Bowling Green 42101 

countv uarrcn Congressional District: 2 

TelSthone r , EICE Identif Nation: 010625 

Established EntitJ NUBbeC: 1-61-006-7655-A1 

0 • Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: organized as Profit Hakinq 
Highest Offering: 

Prograa; 

Accreditation: iJRCB 
BRESCIA COLLEGE 

>20 West Seventh street, Owensboro 42301 

Countv Congressional District: 2 

Tfi^hone <5021 6ps .n, - FICE rde nti£ication: 001958 

isJablLhed E “ lty HueberJ 1-61-066-0795-A1 

IfSiSlS.IJ.ao Cath 0 ;i^ r9CadUat6 1UUi0n and Fees = 52 

Highest Offering: u or 5 Year Baccalaureate Semester 

Prograa: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory ftrtB 

Accreditation: SC 

iliiS* iiii ! 

10 Director of Business Affaire Sr. Michele Horek 

06 Registrar Richard E. Weafer 

07 Dean of Adaissions !!!!!!!!!!.* kr' Annalist* Mal ° ne 

32 Dean of Students. .1!!*! «r‘ * ui*i 

" Mr of Student Fia.aal.l 1U LS) 

CAHPBE LLSV ILLE COLLEGE 

Ai filiation: out been Bapul) 5 "''" 11 ' *»« fees: ts'S 

Sigh est Offering: « „ 5 tear Baecaia.r.ate seaestet 

Isacl " t 

01 President 

05 Acadeaic Vice President!!!! „!i* R - DaTe >ipoEt 

32 Student Life vice Preside nt ....!!! .\\\\’ ” ^ ill* l ?;“ aCk 
10 Bus Vice President-Treasurer * l' j” 

30 Advancement Vice President ' n^’ t* l * a £ dy 

06 Registrar..., _ *** ,* "• E * Coker 

08 Librarian * r u s ' Fa tricia H. Cowherd 

07 Director of Adaissions!!!!!! ’ H 1 Parsley 

26 Dir Alumni S Public Relations' Hrc* * i Jal,e ? C * Coates 

37 Die actor of Financial Aid .. .. "I;:: . . .. '£S 


"'JTRE COLLEGE OF KENTUCKY 

snville 40422 
iiinty: Boyle 


Congressional District: 6 
PICE Identification: 001961 


Telephone (606) 236-521 1 Entity Number: 1 -61 -044-4671 -ai 

Established 1019 

Enrollment: 766 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $4, ion 

Control: Independent Nonprofit her 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.. Dr. Thomas A. Spragens 

05 Provost and Dean of college Mr. Edgar C. Feckard 

10 Vice President and Treasurer Mr. Edvard M. Rail 

“ p F es and Dean o£ Students Hr. Harold K. Saith 

07 Director of Admissions !* Hr! ' Stephen D. Grisso^ 

37 Financial Aid officer Hrs. Violetta w. Shearer 

06 Recorder. Mr. Timothy P. Culhan 

30 General Secretary Hr. Frederick L. Na hn 

29 Alumni Secretary Mr . BaIph Co r 

26 Publications Editor Mr . charLe s M. Norris 

27 News Services Editor „ rs . Alice ii . 2avis 

25 Business Manager Hr. Barry Dixon 

36 Director of student Placement Mrs. Carol M. Lunney 

49 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Leonard M. Dilillo 

CUMBERLAND COLLEGE 

Williamsburg 40769 Congressional District: 5 

County: Whitley FICE identification: 001962 

Telephone (606) 549-2200 Entity Number: 1-61-047-0593-A1 

Established 1889 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,081 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,848 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, MUS 

01 Resident Dr . JaffleB Xaylor 

07 Director cf Admissions Hr. Michael Cclegrove 

in n| l r 2 Cia ?;i*I Hr ‘ BobGCt Williams 

- n .^ r f B n S A££air ®* Treasurer Dr. George Ramey 

j 0 Asst Pres in Charge Develop Hr. Ronald Dali 

H Paucity Hr. Thomas Frazier 

32 Dean College Personnel Dr. John P. Duke Jr. 

„ 0 !°“ en Hiss Emma HcTherson 

la f p ?- nancial Aid Mr. Jack stanf 111 

6 ft Placement Mrg . Anna Deth Bcoo)t5 

In ' < r o c °U"seling or. Clarence M . Brooks 

e? "f" B “* in ®»* Department He. Harold Hubbard 

II utL' ^"/Education Department Dr. Oline Carmical 

an uffa f pdu cation Department Dr. John P. Duke Jr. 

”® ad °J NuBac Department r ,r. Harold Workman 

68 Hptrt !u S M d “ Ca ‘ lon Department Mrs. Theresa Sharp 

73 S noli - UCa ^ 10n De P artlnent: Dr. O. J. Helvey 

73 Head Religion Department Dr. Glenn W , Reeves 

DRAUGHON'S COLLEGE 

St [ eet » Paducah 42001 Congressional District: 1 
TeiPnL 8 #525i ke . B . » FICE Identification: 005202 

EsSaSished ?895 476 Entity NU “ b " r: 1-6 1 “ 017 ' 92 ^’ 

20 I 7, Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,900 

' Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than u Years 

Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 President „„ u ... 

j? Him th ; "uKIcSilii; 

ol »iii a.;.i.r 

Director student Counseling Bobble Reaves 

EASTERN KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY 

Richmond 40475 „ . 

Countv , Congressional District: 5 

Telenhonl F1CF Identification: 001963 

Established 1906 Entlty Nunbecj 1 -61-060-0439-K2 

Enrollment: 13,668 00913 

Control: State 0ndQr9raduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $5UQ 

Program ^Libera? 2 , P9F ° ndHaster,s But Less Than Doctorate* 6 ^ 
Professional 1 * tS 3nd Gene,:al ! Teacher Preparatory; 

oi 4 JSSKSt! n! SCf ADNUR ' MRA ' MRT ' HUS ' NUR ' o1 ' s «» ^D 

04 Exec Dc * Julius C. Powell 

05 ViceP?et tcaS V? Hc - Charles d. Whitlock 

32 vtce pres for s^Ln t tee a f Ch Dc * John D * 

xce pres for student Affairs. Dr. Thomas D. Myers 



KENTUCKY 


lice pees for Business Affairs Hr. Charles E. Baldwin 

flee Pres for Public Affairs Hr. Donald K. Feltnes 

? ic e Pres Pub Serv-Spec Progs Dr. Williao Sexton 

E-qistrar Hr * Doitald H * Smith 

Sun of Adaissions Dr. Charles F. Ambrose 

of b Hen ies " 3<i:,, !.---::::::::::::*‘*:- E “^ s ^ a ®®s u^Aiien 

bear, of Mrs. Jeanette W. Crockett 

Director of Development Hr. Evans 0. Jtacy 

Dir of Institutional Desearch Dr. Soy D. Acker 

iluani Director »*• Jaraes “• Thucaan 

Director of placement Hr. Kurt Ziisnerman 

Director Budget and Planning Hr. James B. Clark 

Director of Data Processing Hr. Pat E. Ridgley 

Dean oE continuing Education Dr. Larue Cocanougher 

• Dean Col Allied Pith-Nursing Du. David D. Gale 

i Dean of Arts and Humanities • • • • • Dr * (J* 

1 £*an App Arts and Technology Dr. Kenneth S. Ilansson 

: Dean of Business Dr. Howard/. Thomson 


Dear, of Education. 


Dr. Dixcn A. Barr 


Dean Hlth Phy Ed Recr Athletic Or. Russell 1. Bogue 

Dean Col of Lav Enforcement Dr. Robert H. Posey 

Dean Hat Mathematical Sciences Dr. Donald L. Batch 

Dean, of Graduate School Dr. Charles II. Gibson 


SI02G3 TOMN COLLEGE 


Georgetown 40324 congressional District: 6 

Cow ty: Scott FICE Identification: 001964 

Telephone (502) 863-801 1 Entity Number: 1-61 -044-4695-A1 

Established 18 29 J . „ 

larallient: 1,189 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,400 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

aighest Offering: Master's 

Program: liberaL Arts and Generali Teacher Preparatory 
lccteditation: sc _ „ P , rnA 

15 Acadeaic Doan Dr - ^° hn 

ID Director of Business Affairs.... Dr. Thomas Benberg 

Cfc aeo istrar Mrs. Louise Treadwell 

37 director of Adaissions Mc * Donald Debocde 

Librarian .. Mr. Paul B * Poue11 

32 Dean Stdnts and lir Athletics Hr. Bert Hawkins 

31 Oean of Women H “* «arie d ®stec 

35 Director of Development Hr- 

i? Sir of student Financial Aid Hr- David N. Forman 

it Lir Student Development Center Hiss Carolyn Hale 

27 Assistant to the President nc * R ° bln 

2J Coordinator of Alumni Affairs Dr. ' Hayne Moore 

U Director of computer Services Dr. Robert Carltori 

73 Cam pus Minister. Dr. Ira V. Birdwhistell 

55 Director of Graduate Program Dr. David l. Jester 

If SI If DTE OF E IE CTRCNIC TECHNOLOGY 

P. 0. Box 1113, Paducah 42001 Congressional District: 1 

County! McCracken FICE Identification: 008425 

Telephone (502) 444-9676 Entity Humber: 1-6 1-090-2226-A1 

Established 1964 , j 

Enrollment: 225 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52, i'UU 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Bighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: N AITS 

31 President. Mr ; 

■33. Director.. Hr. Loe HicXlin 

S3 Chief Academic officer Me. Donald Johnson 


33 Dean of Hen Delbert Werline 

34 Dsan of Women* •« * Mcs- Barbara Enonn 

26 Director of Public Relations Lester E. Pifer 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hiss Eileen Vnndegrift 


KENTUCKY COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY 

3947 Park Drive, Louisville 40216 Congressional District: 3 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 007550 

Telephone (502) 448-5304 Entity Number: 1- 61-070-92 17- A2 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 550 Underqrad ua te Tuition and Fe*s: $6,940 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Thar 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NAT1S 

01 President Joh " K. Douglas 

05 Executive Vice President........ - Wilson 0. Reidinger 

06 School Director Konrad P. Smith 

07 Director of Adaissions C. E. Goehring 

10 Secretary-Treasurer William HcHahon 

KENTUCKY JUNIOR COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 

628 East Main Street, Lexington 40508 ... 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Fayette FICE identification: 010489 

Telephone (606) 253-0621 Entity Number: 1-61-043-6312-A1 

Established 19'«1 

Enrollment: 612 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. SI, 620 

Control: Organized as profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor s 
Accreditation: JRCB . . _ 


ot Librarian Hr. Valter L. Robbins 

36 coCnSoiir!:::::::::::::::::::: ;«j;; 

ol Executive oi!«2t “!!!*. '. " ’. ’* ! i” ;; i ‘ E: £/* — 


Joseph E. Hum 


KENTUCKY STATE UNIVERSITY 


... nkf ort 40601 Congressional District: 6 

coumtv° r Franklin FICE Identification: 001968 

Telephone (502) 564-6260 , Entity Humber: 1 -61-060-0439-A5 

Established 1086 Co - a 

Enrollment. ' , UndQC ^ rn jj lia te Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $560 
Control: State Semes ec 

Program :°T era in a i Occupational Below Bachelor's) Liberal Acts 
and Goneral; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR , HUS, TED Dr> ^ ^ Butts 

5 

06 Dir Records and Registration i^nh^les Vuilllol 

07 Director of Admissions L a 

00 Director of Libraries 1 * ‘ S h "ron A \aKe? 

32 Dean of Students.... . . . bc . anaio , 

36 Dir of Placement-Counseling Hs. Yelarift S 

14 Director of Computer Center ” fl Tav J or 

30 Vice Pres for Development... He. Bern d J TJ 

04 Adainv Asst to the President ° Lren Cacey 

09 Coord institutional Studios ' I!!’ r!. ' Jerome Scott 

15 Director of Personnel.......* iiardqe 

26 Director of Public Relations *s . l^V ta l J 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs f Ll Gree? 

34 Director of Housing.....*-* Jnhurn a. Fouche 

37 Dir of Student Financial A id.. „S iIilKfir Peterson 

45 Asst to Pres Ad Bin-Planning.. Dr. syl^ 

25 Dir Fiscal Control ana Budget.. H 

KENTUCKY VESLEYAH COLLEGE 
censboro U230, 

ssaurmsr ~ ni.H4-6i.wi- 
SSffiSE "s 0 «« - »«■ «:’!• 

Affiliation: United Methodist 

eri QC S M Or 5 B BGCfi 13U C6 A t G - 

‘ progcaa: Tercinll Oocupational Below Bachelor's! Liberal Ar 
and Generals Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC T „ f w a. White III 


Dr. v. A. Uutts 
Eonald F. Blake 
Herman Robinson 
Eddie V. Morris 


HSrOCKY CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

Grayson 41143 Congressional District: 7 

County: Carter FICE Identification: 001965 

telephone (606) 474-6613 Entity Number: 1-6 1-051-0937-A t 

Established 1919 

enrollment: 428 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,358 

Affiliation: Christian Churches - Churches of Christ 

Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General) Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President 1. Palmer Young 

05 &cadQnic Dsan ••.••••«* •• ■*•«•••«»••• •••#«•♦: Jaafis Lowell Lusby 

ID Vice President James C. McKenzie 

56 Registrar.... Hiss Alice A. Horgan 

53 Librarian...... Hr. Kenneth Beck 




siiiacM 


154 


06 Registrar Dr. Gus E. Paris 

05 Dean of the College Di. Donald D. Douglas 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer Mr. Wayne Milligan 

32 Dean, of Students Hr. Wilfred t. Gorrell 

07 Director of Financial Aid Hr. John B. Briggs 

OB Librarian Mr. Dan M. King 

LEES J OHIOR COLLEGE 

Jackson 41335 Congressional District: 7 

County: Breathitt PICE Identification: 001970 

Telephone (606) 666-7521 Entity Number: 1-61-044-7250-A1 

Established 1083 Coed 

Enrollment: 337 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,0C0 

Affiliation: Presbyterian, U.S. Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Troy R. Eslinger 

05 Vice pres of Acadeaic Affairs Hr. Donald F. Landrum 

45 Dir of Institutional Planning Mr. Jonnie C. Blair 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs... Hr. Manuel strong 

08 Librarian Hrs. Mary McLaren 

06 Registrar. Hrs. Loretta Lykins 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Virgil Lykins 

37 Director Student financial Aid Mrs. Nancy Stacy 

26 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Dahlia Haas 

32 Vice President Student Affairs.. Vacant 

LEXINGTON THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

631 S Limestone, Lexington 40508 Congressional District; 6 
County: Fayette PICE Identification: 001971 

Telephone (6d6) 2E2-0361 Entity Number: 1-61-047-9877-A1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollment: 140 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Christian church (Disciples of Christ) Semester 
Highest Offering: Doctorate; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THE0L 

01. President Dr. Vayne K. Bell 

Dean * Dr. Konaid B. Graham 

10 Comptroller Hr. James E. Hankins Jr. 

06 Registrar Hrs. Buth A . Kitchen 

Nr. Roscoe M. Pierson 

30 Chief Development officer Dr. James M. Wray Jr. 

36 Director Student Placement Dr. Jack Y. Reeve 

LINDSEY NILS ON COLLEGE 

210 Lindsey Wilson Street, Columbia 42728 

„ „ , Congressional District: 5 

County: Adair PICE Identification: 001972 

Telephone (502) 384-2126 Entity Number: 1-6 1-044-4763-A1 

Established 1903 Coed 

Enrollaent: 393 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,624 

Affiliation: United flethodist Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

ns President.. I”! * Dc ' John B - Begley 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Hs. Edith Walker 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Vacant 

07 Dir Admissions G Financial Aid. Hs. linda’kcKinley 

” ?^ eCt ? C StU(ier,t Life Hr. Bob Thrasher 

LOUISVILLE PRESBYTERIAN THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 
1044 Alta Vista Road, Louisville 40205 

„ . , Congressional District: 3 

County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001974 

Telephone (502) 895-3411 Entity Humber: 1-61-044-4760-AI 

Established 1853 Coed 

178 Undergraduate Tuition and Tees: $0 

Affiliation: Presbyterian US and United Presbyterian 4-1-g 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Ondergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: SC, THEOL 

®! ^ r0 ® ident ; yi Dr. Carl E. Nelson 

1U Business Manager and Treasurer.. Mr. Kenneth R. Hougland 

Pf? 0 **: * Dr « Grayson L. Tucker Jr. 

08 Librarian............. . Nr. 2cnest white 

30 Vice President fee Development... Dr. Frank W. Penick 

32 Assoc Dean Student Affairs Rev. George F. Bennett 

n 6 £ f? tr o r i* II ** * ’III ■ Hs « Laverne Alexander 

26 Public Relations Officer... Rev. Salt Sutton 


LOUISVILLE SCHOOL CF ART 

100 Pack Road, Anchorage 40223 Congressional District: 4 

County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 010425 

Telephone (502) 245-8836 Entity Number: 1 -6 1-049-2340- A i 

Established 1909 Coed 

Enrollment: 152 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $ 1,700 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3ART 

01 Director Bruce ir. Yenawine 

05 Associate Director Carolyn Stephenson 

06 Regstr-Finan Aid Officer Harry Johns 

08 Librarian Mary Jane Benedict 

10 Finance Officer Juanita Duncan 

07 Director of Admissions Runette Robinson 

26 Public Relations Officer Linda Probua 

LOUISVILLE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

3101 Bardstovn Road, Louisville 40205 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 012008 

Telephone (502) 456-6509 Entity Number: 1- 61-071-0050- A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment; 176 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,475 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NATTS 

01 President Hr. A. R . Sullivan 

05 Executive Director Hr. William F. Catos Jr. 

MIDWAY COLLEGE 

Stephens, Midway 40347 Congressional District: 6 

County: Woodford FICE Identification: 001975 

Telephone (606) 846-4421 Entity Number: 1-61-0UU-470H-A1 

Established 1847 Women 

Enrollment: 328 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $ 2, '00 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semositor 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, adnur, MLTAD 

01 President Dr. Nelson M. Hoffman Jr. 

05 Dean of the College Dr. R. Lynn Kelloy 

10 Business Manager-Treasurer Hr. C. B. Baize 

06 Registrar Mr. P. Edward Prosier 

37 Dir Adois and stdnt Finan Aid Hrs. Elaine Lacuon 

00 Librarian Dr. Timothy Sanz 

32 Dean of Students Miss Sherry iGiuaster 

26 Dir Pub Rel and Publications Mrs. Sharon flcoon 

HOREHEAD STATE UNIVERSITY 

University Boulevard, Norehoad 40351 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Rowan FICE Identification: 001976 

Telephone (606) 783-211 1 Entity Number: 1-6 1-600- 14 96- A 1 

Established 1923 Cofld 

Enrollment: 7,086 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $540 
Control: State semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ADVET, HUS, PAD, SW, TED 

01 President Dr, Morris L. Norfleot 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. William P. White 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. Buford Ccager 

30 Vice Pres Univ 6 Reg Services Mr. Philip Conn 

06 Registrar Mr. Gene Ranvior 

□7 Director of Admissions Mr. Rondal Kart 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Jack Ellis 

D f r Plan Info 5 V S 6 computers Dr. Charles ll. Hicks 

37 Director student Financial Aid Mr. Elmer Anderson 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Vinson Watts 

25 Director Grants and Contracts Mrs. Carole Morelia 

27 Director of Public Affairs Mr. Keith Kappoo 

29 Dir of Alumni Rel s Placement...., Mr. Den Young 

72 Dean Applied Sci-Technclogy Dr. Charles M. Derrickson 

70 Dean of social Sciences... Dr. Alban Wheeler 

ob Dean of Graduate Programs........... Dr. Reedus Back 

53 Dean of Education.... Dr. Michael Davis 

, Business and Economics Dr. William Whitaker 

49 Dean Sciences and Mathematics... Dr. Charles Payne 

57 Dean of Humanities de* J. E, Duncan 



155 


KENTUCKY 


3:5E AT STATE UNIVERSITY 

BaiTersity Station, Murray 42071 Congressional District: 1 
Cecity: Callcway FICE Identification: 001977 

Telephone (502) 762-3011 Entity Humber: 1-61-060-0439-B7 

Established 19 22 Coed 

Eirolloent: 7,841 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : $580 
Caotroi: State Senester 

sighest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Ecctorate 
ixegran: Terninal Occupaticnal Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
lece ed it at io n: SC, BUS, (JENGT, MUS, NUR, 5W, TED 

SI President. .. Dr. Constantine H. Curris 

lice Pres for Acad Programs Dr. Richard Butwell 

O rice Pres Adminv Services Dr. Richard c. Gray 

•1 rice Pres fee Stdnt Develop Dr. Frank II. Julian 

13 lice Pres far Univ Services Dr. Marshall Gordon 

:3 Eiec Directcr-Foundation Dr. Thomas B. Hogancamp 

\* .Director of the Budget Mr. Don Chamberlain 

;; Uiinistr atlve Assistant Dr. Richard li. stinchfield 

S? Executive Assistant Mr. Janes 0. Hall 

li csin Admissions and Registrar Mr. Wilson Gantt 

:: C3ic of Libraries Dr. Edwin C. Strohecker 

15 Dir of Perscnnel Services Mr. George L. Stockton 

• i Director of placement Services Miss Martha L. Guier 

3 * Dir Counseling and Testing Dr. William L. Albrltten 

31 Sir student Financial Aid Mr. Johnny 0. HcDougal 

IT Dir Info and Public Services Mr. M. C. Garrott 

5D Dean Col Bus and Pub Affairs Dr. David L. Elclredge 

57 Dean Creative Expression....... Dr. William Parsons 

i.5 Dean col Environmental Science Dr. Gary N. Boggess 

53 Dean col Hunan Develop Lrng Dr. Hugh Noffsinger 

\i TeiD Col of Humanistic Studies Dr. Kenneth E . Harrell 

,U lean Industry and Technology Dr. Kenneth V. Winters 

51 Dean of Extended Education Dr. Donald E . Jones 

IlliaEkH KENTUCKY UKIVERSITY 

Caiversity Drive, Highland Heights 4 1076 

Congressional District: 6 
Cc'Mty: Campbell FICE Identification: 009275 

Telephone (606) 292-5100 Entity Humber: 1-61 -060-0439-C6 

Established 1968 Coed 

Uro llxent: 7,532 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-S ta te) : $560 
Control: State Semester 

SigTiEst offering: Beyond Master's Gut Less Than Doctorate 
Prog rax: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
p rofessiona 1 

Accreditation: SC, ADNUH, LAW, RAD 

il President. Dr. A. D. Albright 

difice President Dr. Gene W. Scholes 

i 5 fro Dr. Lyle A. Gray 

11 Business Manager Mr. Clarence Tabor 

33 Eiec Asst-Campus Development Mr. John P. Demnrcus 

i5 Director of the Eudget Mr. Dennis Taulbee 

15 Teg istrac Ms. Phyllis Weeland 

37 Director ot Admissions Mr. James L. Alford 

12 Dein of Students Dr. James C. clay pool 

15 Dir Res-Gca nts and Contracts Dr. Roger C. Meade 

15 Eiec Asst for Univ Relations* Hr.. Robert Knauf 

C5 librarian. Mr. Robert Schneider 

n Director of Computer Services Mr. Garry Casson 

iJ Sir Institutional Research... - . Mr. James L. Kerr 

]5 Director Placement services Mr. John Osmanski 

13 Hu ini Director Mr. Steve Toner 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. R. Gregg Schulte 

37 Director of Financial Aid Dr. Charles Gray 

35 Director student Counseling Dr. George Regers Jr. 

49 Interim Dean Arts and Sciences Dr. Darryl Poolo 

5D Dean Professional Studies Dr. Arthur H. Kaplan 

55 Assoc Prov Graduate Studies.... Vacant 

it Dean of Law Mr. william Jones 

51 Dean Community Services Dr. Ralph Pearson 

tvSEKSEGitG BUSINESS COLLEGE 
1326 Triplett Street, Owensboro 42301 

Congressional District: 2 
Coenty: Daviess FICE Identification: 009313 

telephone (502) 926-4040 Entity Humber: 1-61-087-9470-A 1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 382 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,808 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Trimester 

iighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: 3JRCB 

01 President Tony A. Payne 

03 Tice President.. Lends s. Voyles 

05 Registrar John L. Lyon 

6T Director of Admissions. .................. . William T. Spencer 

■38 Librarian.. Myrna Mencer 


10 Treasurer . Barbara Webster 

14 Head Data Processing Dept Terry Anderson 

27 Receptionist Laura Johnston 

36 Placement Director Wilma 3. Yotns 

37 Financial Aid Officer Linda Ramirez 

38 Special Services Director William G. Brown 


PIKEV1LLE COLLEGE 

Sycamore Street, pikeville 41501 Congressional District: 7 
County: Pike FICE Identification: 001980 

Telephone (606) 432- 9200 Entity Humber: 1 -6 1 -0 44-4760 - A 1 

Established 1889 Coed 

Enrollment: 612 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,150 

Affiliation: Presbyterian, U.S. u-’-u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President . Dr. Jackson 0. Hall 

05 Vice Pres of Acad Af f-Regstr. . Dr. Stephen 1'. Fritz 

10 Vice Pres for Administration Mr. Roger Keller 

30 Vice President for Development... Dr. Elmo Osborne 

32 Scan of Students Dr. Gary Anderson 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. William Little 

08 Librarian Hr, Philip Roddy 

27 Director of Public Relations.... Hr. Lee Shaw 


♦SAIM1 CATilAF IDE COLLEGE 

Saint catharina 40061 Congressional District: 2 

County: Washington FICE Identification: 001983 

Telephone (606) 336-9304 Entity Humber: 1-61-084-6809-A1 

Established 1931 Coed 

Enrollment: 160 -Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,275 

Affiliation: Roman Catbclic Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Sr. Catherine Mahady 

05 Academic Dean Sc. Sheila Buckley 

10 Treasurer Mrs. Peg Teachey 

06 Registrar Sr. Ann Bell 

08 Librarian * Sr. Francesca Cameron 

32 Director of Student Affairs Sr. Ann Frederick Leonard 

26 Director of Public Relatione Sc. Barbara Sullivan 

37 Financial Aid Officer Sr. Marilyn Pierson 

30 Director of Development Sr. Virginia Roche 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Sr. Barbara Sullivan 

SEMINARY OF SAINT PIUS X 

Erlanger 41018 Congressional District: 4 

County: Kenton FICE Identification: 0089'7 

Telephone (606) 371-44412 Entity Humber: 1-61-056-8024-A 1 

Established 1955 Men 

Enrollment: 103 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,500 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SC 

01 Rector-President Rev. William G. Brown 

06 Academic Dean and Registrar.... Rev. Roger P. Cooney 

10 Business Manager.... Rov. Raymond w. steir.hauser 

08 Librarian Hr. Joseph s. Webster 

30 Director of Student Aid. Mrs. Gale H. Lawson 

33 Dean of Men Rev. Gilbert J. Rutz 


♦SOUTHERN BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 
2825 Lexington Road, Louisville 40206 

Congressional District: 3 
County! Jefferson FICE Identification: 001982 

Telephone (502) 097-4011 Entity Number: 1-61-050-0919-Ai 

Established 1858 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,014 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Other 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; Flo Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: SC, MUS, THEOL 

01 President Dr. Duke K. HcCall 

05 Provost., .. . DC. Roy L. Honeycutt 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs. Dr. Badgett Dillard 

06 Registrar He. Thomas C. Sherwood 

07 Admissions officer.......... Dr. Paul A. Richardson 

08 Librarian Dr. Ronald F. Peering 

32 Dean of Student Services Mrs. Elisabeth E. Lambert 

30 Vice Pees for Development......... Mr. Wesley H. Pattillo Jr. 

73 Dean of Theology Dr. Roy L. Honeycutt 

64 Dean of Church Music. Dr. Forrest H. Heeren 

53 Dean of Religious Education.............. Dr. Allen N* Graves 



ISHISSH. 


156 


SPALDING COLLEGE 

651 S Fourth Street, Louisville 40203 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001960 

rele phone (502) 545-9911 Entity Number: 1-61-044-4780-A1 

Established 1814 Coed 

Enrollment: 875 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 12,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: SC, 3 DIET , NUB, SW 

01 President...................... Sr. Eileen Egan 

10 Director Business and Finance Nr. Gerald H. Oesvein 

05 Acadenic Dean Nr. Eduard Griffin Saith 

06 Begistrar Sr. Sheila Ann Nadden 

07 Director of Admissions Hiss Nary Patricia Nolan 

06 Librarian... Hrs. Lucille Schauer 

32 Director of Student Services Sr. Bridgid Clifford 

30 Director of Oevelopaent Hr. Scott N. Childers 

27 Public Relations Officer Hiss Natalie B. Lund 

37 Director student Financial Aid Hiss Elinor E. Starr 

36 Director Student Placeoent. Hr. Williaa J. Hoar 

04 Assistant tc the President.. Hr. Vincent Brosky 

09 Instnl Fes Coordinator Sr. Clara Prancis Eaafcerger 

SDE BENNETT COLLEGE 

London 40741 Congressional District: 5 

County: Laurel PICE Identification: 001986 

Telephone (606) 864-2238 Entity Humber: 1-61-048-2957-A1 

Established 1857 Coed 

Enrollment: 273 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 51,179 

Affiliation: United flethcdist Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 years 
Progran: 2-1 ear Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. Earl F. Hays 

05 Adninv Asst for Acad Affairs Hrs. Joan Stivers 

06 Ada inv Asst Bus A£f 6 Records Hr. Stanley E. Baker 

08 Librarian... Miss Julia H. Bose 

32 Adninv Asst Student Affairs Vacant 

5 1 Ada inv Asst Cfty Serv-Cont Ed Hrs. Joan Stivers 

5ULL1VAH 0UNI0S COLLEGE OP BUSINESS 

P O So* 33-3C8, Lcuisville 40232 Congressional District: 3 
County: Jefferson PICE Identif icaticr.: 004619 

Telephone (502) 456-6504 Entity Nuabec: 1-61-059-6564-A1 

Established 1962 Co6( j 

Enrollaent: 1,164 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *2,450 

Cent rol: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Prcg ran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, JECB 


01 



05 



03 

Vice President-Director 


06 



07 

Vice Pres-Oirectcr Admissions 


08 



10 

Ccn troller 


14 



26 



29 

Director Alumni Affairs 


32 

Director Student Financial Aid..,.., 


36 

Placement Director 


38 

Associate Dean 


51 

Director Continuing Education 



07 Director of Admissions Hs. Cathy Grady 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Paul Calae 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. George Nonqon 

29 Alumni Dir-Pub Info Specialist Hrs. Irene A. Levis 

38 Director Counseling Center Dr. Susanne Taft 


TRANSYLVANIA UNIVERSITY 

300 North Broadway, Lexington 40508 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Fayette FICE Identification: 001937 

Telephone (606) 233-811 1 Entity Number: 1-61-044-4325- A l 

Established 1780 Coed 

Enrolleent: 810 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,175 

Control: Independent Nonprofit other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. William M . Kelly 

05 Vice President-Dean of College... Dr. Walter G. Enge 

32 Vice Pres-Dean of Students Dr. David A. Palmer 

10 Vice Pres-8usiness Manager.... Mr. Charles L, Shearer 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. Robert V. Docberty 

06 Registrar.......... Hs. Mona S. Logsdon 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Michael A. Delong 

08 Librarian Mr. John Sheridan 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Peggy Fain 

27 Director Information Services... Mr. Edward Purcell 

36 Director of Placement Services Mrs. Annette Mayer 

14 Director of Computing Center Hr. Howard Lykina 

29 Director Alumni Programs Hiss Jessie Lackey 

55 Asst Dean Community Education Ms. Betsy B. Now laud 

UNION COLLEGE 

College Street, Barbourville 40906 Congressional District: 5 
County: Knox FICE Identification: 001998 

Telephone (606) 546-4151 Entity Number: 1 -61 -046- 1768- A 1 

Established 1879 Coed 

Enrollment: 894 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,730 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-t-ii 

Highest Offering: Deyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, RAD 

01 President Dr. Malilon A. Miller 

03 Exec Vice Pres 6 Dir Inst Res Dr. Robert D. Caroy 

30 Vice Pres for Development Hr. Milton II. Townsend 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer Mr, Boyd R. Todd 

05 Dean of Faculty Dr. Dwight Stewart 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Albert K. Layton 

25 Assoc Dean-Dir Car Plan-Place Hr. Edward fl. Black 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. James Garner 

06 Registrar Hr. E . Edwin lemaster 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Miss Mary Alice Lay 

08 Librarian Mr. James E. McFerrin 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. Donald L, Heaver 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Ladonna R. Carey 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. II. Warren Robbins 

51 Dir Experiential Education Mr. Richard Lockett 


UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 


Lexington 40506 
County: Fayette 
Telephone (606) 258-9000 
01 President 


Congressional District: 6 
FICE Identification: 00901 1 
Entity Number: 1-61-600-121 8- A1 
......... Dr. Otis A. Singletary 


TKOHAS HOSE COUEGE 

2771 Tuckeyfoot Road, Fort Mitchell 41017 

rnmr „, Congressional District: 4 

County. Kenton PICE Identification: 002001 

EJtlbli3Li 6 1921 34 '" 5800 Entity Number: 1-61-044-8560-A1 

l £ 3y3 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *1^940 

Affiliation: Reman Catholic semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional r 11 

Accreditation: sc, sv 

05 Academic Dean . . . . ’sT * Mar v Mo*ul^v%?i i 01 ™” 

li Mc - ; ; K!S! 

Si !SS l Reseacch *:'»■« Kit 2: 

Ss ?*:»“»: »=• 

* or. Arthur Taylor 


♦UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY 

Lexington 40506 Congressional District: 6 

County: Fayette FICE Identification: 0019B9 

Telephone (606) 258-9000 Entity Number: 1-61-600-1 2 1 8- A 1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollment: 22,489 

_ „ Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $682 

Control: State 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional r 

ACC n?pir at ^' SC/ APCP ' APCH ' BB1 » BOS, CLPSY , DENT, 3DIET , 

PHxb 1 ' J0UR ' LfiH ' 1ID ' LSAR ' NED ' MT ' nUS ' KUR ' 
PHAR, PTA, RAD, RTT, SW, TED 

05 vicl^Prrin "l’'**’******”* Dr. Otis A. Singletary 

10 Vi r* Prtt f OE Aca ? eaic Affairs..;.. Dr. Lewis W. Cochran 

26 vicp Pr!f f,°? B ^ ne f s Affairs Mr. Jack Blanton 

32 Art Alt f 1 ! Rela ticns... Dr. Raymond R. ilornback 

03 lilt HA *“«*«•■. Dr. Robert G. Zumwinkle 

03 Vice Pres for Administration. Dr. Donald B, Clapp 



157 


KENTUCKY 


33 fit policy- Operations Analysis. 
35 lean Admissions and Registrar 
33 Director of Libraries 

51 Eiec Director of Development. 

'5 Director of Personnel 

u Director of Computing Center. 
t5 Director of Placement Service 
13 Dir oi safety and security... 

1? Dir of student Financial Aid. 

23 Dean of Students 

Spec Asst to the President... 

33 Director Alumni Association.. 

il Dean. - 

»7 Dean Agric S Experimental Sta 
ll Dean of Architecture......... 

tr Acting Dean of Arts 6 science 
:3 Jean Business and Economics.. 

52 Doan of Dentistry 

53 Dean of Education 

51 Dean of Engineering 

55 Dei n Univ Extension Programs. 

5E Dear, of the Graduate School.. 

53 Dean of Home Economics 

51 Dean of Law....... 

£2 Dean of Library Sciences 

£1 Dean of Medicine. 

£5 Lean of Nursing 

5? Dean of Pharmacy 

73 Dean of Social Professions... 

57 Dea n of Fine Arts.. 

£3 Acting Dean of Communications 


Dr. Peter ll. Fitzgerald 
Er. Elbert W. ockeroan 
.... Hr. Paul A. Willis 

Hr. Terry Mobley 

.. Hs. Peggy McCllntock 
. Dr. Hartin D. Solomon 

Hr. James Alcorn 

. Mr. Thomas R. Padgett 
.... Hr. James E. Ingle 

Joseph T. Burch 

Dr. James E. Funk 

Hr. Jay Brumfield 

.. Dr. Stephen Langston 
Dr. Charles E. Barnhart 
.... Mr. Anthony Eardley 

Dr. Donald Sands 

.. . Cr. William H. Ecton 

, . Dr. Herrill W. Packer 

Dr. G. w . Deneaiark 

..... Dr. Roger Eichhorn 
... Dr. Stephen Langston 
... Cr. Wimberly Royster 
... Dr. Harjorie Stewart 
. ... Dr. Thomas P. Lewis 
.... Dr. Timothy Sineath 

Dr. D. Kay Clawson 

Dr. Harion McKenna 

.... Dr. J. V. Swintosky 

Dr. S. Z. Hasan 

.... Cr. J. Robert wills 

. cr. Herbert N. Drennon 


Program: 

Accreditation: SC 


♦*J EFFERSON C0MHUN1IY COLLEGE 

109 East Broadway, Louisville 90202 

congressional District: 3 
County: Jefferson FICE Identification: 029211 

Telephone Entity Humber: 1 -61 -600-121B-A3 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : SO 
Control: State 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 9 Years 
Program: 

Accreditation: SC, ADUUR 


♦ * LEXINGTOll TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

Cooper Drive, Lexington M0506 Congressional District: 6 

county: Fayette FACE Identification: 029210 

Telephone Entity Humber: 1 -61-600-12 18-C2 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 10 
Control: State 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 

Accreditation: SC, ADHUR, DH, DT, RAD 


t * HA BISON VILLE COMMUNITY CGLLEGE 


♦♦15BLASD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


UOO College Drive 
County: Boyd 
Telephone 
Established 
Emollient: 0 
Control: State 
Highest Offering: 
Prcg cai: 

Accreditation: SC 


, Ashland 41101 congressional District: 7 
FICE Identification: 029206 
Entity Humber: 1-61-600-121B-B1 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 

2 But Less Than 4 Years 


♦ ♦ELIZABETHTOWN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 029207 
Entity Humber: 1-61-600-1 21 B-E6 


Elizabethtown 427C1 
County: Hardin 
Telephone 
Esta hL is bed 

Emollient: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n- State) : 10 
Cent to It State 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: 

Accreditation: SC, ADNUR 


**ESZARD CCMHONITY COLLEGE 


Hazard 41701 
County: Perry 
Telephone 
Established 
Enrollment: 0 
Control: state 
Highest Offering: 
Program: 

Accreditation: SC 


Congressional District: 7 
FICF, Identification: 029219 
Entity Humber: 1-61-603-3690-B2 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-S tote) : $0 

2 But Less Than 9 Years 


♦ laiSDEBSON COSH UNITY COLLEGE 


2660 South Green 

County: Henderson 
Telephone 
Established 
Emollient: 0 
Control: State 
Highest offering: 
prcgcam: 

leer si it at ion! SC 


Street, Henderson 42420 

Congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 029208 
Entity Humber: 1-61-603-3693- A6 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 

2 But Less Than 4 Years 


OBOPKINSVILLE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

forth Drive, Hopkinsville 42240 Congressional District: 1 

Coeaty: Christian FICE identification: 029209 

Telephone Entity Humber: 1-61-600- 1 21 8-A9 

Established 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : 50 
CCbttolj state 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 


University Drive, 

County: Hopkins 
Telephone 
Established 
Enrollment: 0 
Control: state 
Highest offering: 
program: 

Accreditation: sc 


Kadisonville 42431 

congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 029213 
Entity Humber: 1-6 1-600- 1218-U3 

undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *0 

2 But Less Than u Years 


4*HA YS VI LLE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Haysville 41056 
county: Mason 
Telephone 
Established 
Enrollment: 0 
control: State 
Highest Offeringt 
Program: 

Accreditation: SC 


Congressional District: 7 
FICE Identification: 029214 
Entity Number: 1 -61-600-12 18- B4 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 10 

2 But less Than 4 Years 


+ 4PADUCAII COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


P. 0. Box 1380, Paducah 42001 Congressional District: 1 

County: McCracken , Flci ; I ? eilU i i9ift^n7 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-61-600- 1218-B? 

Enrollment: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : 50 
Control: state 

uiahest Offorina: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 


Progran: 

Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, I Dll 


♦ *PF ESTONBU RG COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Beets Combs Drive 

County: Floyd 
Telephone 
Established 
Enrollment: 0 
Control: State 
Highest Offering: 
Program: 

Accreditation: SC 


cestonburg 41653 

Congressional District: > 
PICE Identification: 029216 


Undergraduate Tuition and pees (In-State) : *0 
2 But Less Than 4 Years 


** SOMERSET COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Kss^syr 4 ' " ontlceUo ,2501 

SI2&,! 1 emit, Hu. bat* 

Enroll.ant! 0 UndergEsd un tn Tuition ana Feestln-stateJ : *0 

Control: State 

Highest Offering: ? But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 


■£U!I!££2. 


158 . 


Accreditation: sc, ten 


♦ ♦SOUTHEAST COKH UNITY COLLEGE 

College Road, Cumberland 40623 Congressional District: 5 

County: Harlan FICE Identification: 029218 

Telephone Entity Number: 1-61-600- 1218-BS 

Esta blis bed 

Eorollcent: 0 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $0 
Control: State 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program : 

Accreditation: SC, HLTAD 

UNIVERSITY OF LOUISVILLE 

South Third Street, Louisville 40292 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Jefferson PICE Identification: 001999 

Telephone (502) 568-5555 Entity Number: 1-61-O44-U028-A1 

Established 1798 Coed 

Enrollment: 19,155 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $670 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, 3AUB, CLPSY, CYTO, DA, DENT, DH, 

E1IG, LAW, BED, MT, F.US, NMT , FAD, RSTHT , SV, TED 

01 President Dr. James G. Hiller 

03 Executive Vice President nr. William F. Ekstroo 

05 vice Pres Academic Affairs Cr. Herbert Garfinkel 

j 2 Vice pres for Student Affairs Dr. Edvard H. Hammond 

10 Vice Pres of Financial Affairs Hr. Norbert F. Elbert 

45 Asst Exec Vice Pies Planning Cr. Martin R. Baron 

26, Vice Pres University Relations Hr. Steven B. Bing 

29 Director Alumni Services Hr. Rodney Williams Jr. 

30 Asst Vice Pres Development Hr. Michael Chertock 

27 Director of Public Information Hr. Lawrence c. Falk 

25 Director of Sponsored Programs Dr. John w. Brown 

15 Director of Personnel Services Hr. William D. Poore 

19. Director Public Safety Hr. Daniel P. Keller 

14 Dir Diuv Computing Activities Mr. Alfred T. Chen 

06 Dir of Acad Serv Registrar Hr. Winthrop G. Hoccison 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. nay A. Stines 

37 Director of Pinancial Aid Mr. Blake Tanner 

38 Director Student counseling Dr. Ponald L. classon 

36 Act g Asst Dir Place Services Hr. Craig R. Taylor 

09 Act g Dir Instnl Research Mr. David F. senn 

08 Dean of Libraries Hr. John T. Demos 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Cr. Lois S. Cronholo 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr, X. J. Husacchla 

50 Dean of Business Dc . wHHan H. Peters 

53 Dean of Education Dc. Raphael O. Hystrand 

64 Dean of Music „ r . j 0Cry «. Ball 

70 Deao Kent School Social Work Dr. Roger «. Lind 

54 Dean Speed Scientific School Dr. Earl E. Gerhard 

55 Act g Dean University college.... Dr. Leicester R. Hoise 

cl °f Dr * Harold G. Wren 

5? Dc * Fcedec * c * «• Parkins 

63 Acting Dean of Medicine Dc . Donald R. Kaetz 

66 Dean of Nursing cr. Virginia L. Barker 

WATTERSON COLLIGE 

440D Breckinridge lane, Louisville 40218 

, ,, Congressional District: 4 

County. Jefferson P1CE identification: 029034 

Fsta blishej 5 1963 4 31-5000 Entity Number: 1-6 1-095-0348-A1 

Enrollment: 1,035 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,752 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's 
Accreditation: DA, JRCB, nac, HLTAB 

07 Director of Admissions I “ 

10 controller Hr. 1 Richard Neat 

08 Librarian Hs” *? fh n B Whi ‘ e 

06 Reoistrar Ms * Hecedith Burris 

30 Director of 'student'couiiseUng”! ‘J. ^Hs^Pa^Johnson 

36 Placement Director 


Enrollment: 13,374 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) • 1580 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, DH, ENGT, JOUR, HR T , MT, HUS, NUB 
SN, TED 

01 President Dr. Donald W. Zacbarias 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. James L, Davis 

30 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Dr. John D. Minton 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Mr. Harry K. I.aigen 

04 Asst to Pres Resrc Management Du, Paul 3. cook 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Charles A. Keovn 

06 Registrar Dr. Stephen D. House 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Thomas D. Updike 

37 Director Studant Financial Aid «c. A. .1. Thuraan 

29 Director Alumni Affairs Hr. Lee Robertson 

14 Dir computer and Info Service Mr. Curtis A. Logsdon, 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Earl Wasson 

26 Director Public Information..... Mr. Fred V, Hensley 

15 Director Personnel Services Hr. Janes 0 . Tomes 

36 Dir Advisement and Placement Dr. Jerry R. Wilder 

38 Dir Counseling Services Dr. Stanley li. BcuofieLd 

70 Asst Vice Pres-Dir Programs Dr. John II. Peterson 

57 Dean Arts and Humanities Dr. Robert It. Bounce 

72 Dean of Science and Technology Dr. William G, Lloyd 

58 Dean of Graduate School... Dr. Elmer Gray 

50 Dean of Bus and Public Affairs Dr. Robert E. Nelson 

69 Dean Applied Arts and Health Dr. William G. Ilourigan 

51 Dean Continuing Education Dr. Carl P. Chelf 

53 Dean of Education Dr. .1. T. Sandefur 


LOUISIANA 


BOSSIER PARISH C CHHUNITY COLLEGE 

2719 Airline Drive North, Bossier City 7H11 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Bossier FICE Identification: 012033 

Telephone (318) 746-9851 Entity Number: 1 -72-6 00 -0 185-A2 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,833 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $16 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3IC 

Deaa Dr. E. Douglas Peterson 

03 Assistant Dean Mr. James M. Conerly 

08 Librarian Mrs. Virginia Bryan 

32 Chief Student Life Officer Hr. Thomas N . Carleton 

38 Director Student counseling Mrs. Patricia Stanley 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Leonard Greas 

06 Registrar Mr. M. D. Bay 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Karen Guyton 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Mrs. Kathy McAllister 

CENTENARY COLLEGE CF LOUISIANA 

P 0 Box 4188, Shreveport 71104 Congressional District; 4 

County: Caddo FICE Identification: 002003 

Telephone (318) 069-5104 Entity Number: 1 -72-040-09 15- JA 1 

Established 1825 Coed 

Enrollment: 940 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,400 

Affiliation: United Methodist ij-i-q 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teach9r Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc, MUS 

01 President |>r. Donald A. Webb 

05 Dean of the College Cr. Dorothy B. Gvin 

*i?e President Dr. Darrell M . Loyless 

Chief Business Officer Mr. Jessie W. Outlaw 

32 Dean of Students Hr . Richard Anders 

0 / Dir Admis-Finan Aid Officer Mr. John Lambert 

no ??9 lst 5 ar Hr. R. Johnson Watts 

08 Librarian j. Mr. James Volny 

26 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Janie Plournoy 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. chad Carnahan 

in Director of Computer Center Dr. David E. Thomas 

In Director Hr. Dick Anders 

30 Director of Daveiopment Hr. John Meyer 


WESTERN KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY 

Bowling Green 421 Cl 
County: Warren 
Telephone (502) 745-0111 
Established 1906 


Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 002002 
Entitv Humber: 1-61-G60-0439-C5 

Coed 



LOUT SI A Hi 


DELGADO CO MM (IN IT Y CCI-LEGl. 

616 City I 1 a r k Avan act, Ha v o clonus 70119 

Congressional District: 1 
county: Orleans PICE Identification: 004626 

Telephone (SOU) 403-4114 Entity Number: 1-72-601-2995-A1 

Eo ta bl i£i hod 1921 Coed 

Enrollment: ft, 154 

Undo eg rad ua to Tuition and Feao (In-State) ; 5350 
Coat col: .‘It a to/ Local Semester 

High out Offering: 2 Out Loon Than 4 Yeats 
Program: Terminal ocewpn tional Below Bachelor's; 2-Yoar 
Principally Bachelor' » Creditable 
Acer oil it a tio ns SC, HAD, US’lil, Its TUT 

01 Dt* Harry J. Boyer 

03 Vice I'raaidont - D*« Flank E. Wright 

10 Vice peon ll ursine an Affairs. Hr. Don W. Truly 

32 Vice peon Unhnb-fitdnt Affairs Hr. Henry J. Hebo 

13 Director J n forma t ion Systems. Cr. Cornelia R. Rat like 

06 Rogutr ft Diroctor Admission!] Dr. Carmen Smith 

25 Dir (Jrant Hymt-Evaluatiou firs. Angel Delacroix 

15 Diroctor Personnel Services lie. Alfred P. Giarrusao 

27 Diroctor Information Office Hr. Michael Whittier 

08 Doan l.rny Honour can Cantor- .. Me* Lonora C. Lockett 

37 Dir Kilia.li Aid and Placomont Mr. Thomaa a. Bathune 

29 Director Alumni Itolationn. Hr. Charles F. Donaldson 

14 Diroctor of Computor Center... Hr. Albert Halveaux 

05 Aoiioc Doan Instr W Dank Campus Cr. Dorengher Drechtel 

72 Chrmn M at. liana tica-Tochnoloyy Dr. Richard Clark 

54 chuoil llngr C Induat.l Toclinlcnl Mr. Emmanuel Dominici 

50 Chairman burliness Studios Dr. Rosalie Pacrino 

49 Chrmn Commun General Arts Dc * Aim Quinn 

69 C'lir nn «<;i Allied HI th Survioas Hu. Jacquelyn Lothschuetz 

70 Act ii Chrmn Soc Sci-l'uh Sorvico Hr* Tore Ireland 

57 Chi an Fine Arts Applied Art: Dr* Harvin Thames Or. 

00 Doan City Park Campus... Dr. Thomas Flair 

DILLARD UNIVERSITY 

2601 Gen till y lloulovard, Nov Orleans 70122 

Congressional Diottict: 1 
Countv: Or lean s FICE Identification: 002004 

Tolo phone (504) 049-2123 Entity Nunber: 1 -72-040-6929-A1 

Esta bl is hod 1069 J , _ D 

Enrollment; 1,249 Undo rgra d ua to Tuition and Fees. *2,412 

Affiliation: Hultiplo Pcotoutnnt Eoncminations semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Yoar Baccal autea to 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Pro Conn ional 

Accreditation: sc, Him, Him 

01 Pro aidant. nr. SamUQl Du Eois Cook 

45 Vice PL' on Admin and rlanning r’ ihomoson 

05 Vice Pros Academic Affaire Dr. Dahiej- C ' r 5 Reamer 

12 : 52 . 2 k: 

;; Eis?sJ±« 0 * S: 

55 52J “t 5 ;;k«. «- ;»?* j : 

34 Assoc Doan of students }* J 

36 Director of F* Horne 

37 Diroctor of Financial Aid y P iiiawskv 

14 Manager Data Processing Center * * Sidney .au t 

15 Director Personnel Services Hrs. Rosie C. Toney 

19 Director of Security **' Jr 

26 Public Relations Officer Hr. Marcus N< eui sta JJ J ^ 

27 Dir of Neva 6 Public Relations Mrs. Jii "* f* B: rnndvin 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs h m. Ukraine < “*-5«SloS 

3ft Dir of student Development Hiaa ^rlenne C. T 

49 chairman Division-Humanities • Ec * * Ver rett 

65 Chrpran Div Natural Science Dr. • 

70 Chrpran Div social Science. Dr. Cacro 

53 Chrprsn Division of Education violet G. Bowers 

64 coordinator of Music..... Sattv A. Adams 

66 Chrprsn Division of Nursing..... Hcs * Detty 


GRAH CLING STATE UNIVERSITY 

Grumbling 71245 
County: Linccln 
Telephone (316) 247-6941 
Established 1901 
Enrollnent: 3,285 


Congressional District: 5 
PICE identification: 002006 
Entity Number: 1-72-600-075 1-A1 


Enrollment: 3,^uo . , . ■ S651 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln stat y e06Ster 

Control: Stats 

Highest Offering: Hastec's T j h aral Arts 

Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor s;_L 
and Generali Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
^Accreditation: SC, MUS, TED Dc> Joseph B. Johnson 

01 President..... * Kermit f R. HcHurry 

03 Executive Vice president....**.. Dr. aero Hobd 

04 Assistant to President j , J CarteE 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs... Dr. Lamore J. carter 


10 Vice Pres for Administration Dr. Sari Vinson 

19 Director of Security Hr. Frank Phillips 

32 Dean of Student Life Mrs. Ruby Higgins 

30 Exec Dir Fdn and Alumni Aff Hr. Boy Jackson 

08 Librarian. Hrs.- Pauline Lee 

06 Registrar Mrs. Ruby v. Billups 

14 Director of Computer Center............... Hr. Julius D. Penn 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Lonnie Smith 

07 Director of Admissions......... Mrs. Irene 3. Thomas 

26 Director Public Relations Mr. Ernie Miles 

38 Dir of Student Counseling.. Dr. Prentiss Love 

25 Grants Administrator Hrs. Delores Smith 

45 Dir of Plan 6 Inst Research...... Dr. Harold Lur.dy 

15 Director of Personnel Services Hr. Silas Collins 

53 Dean of College of Education.... tc. Burnett Joiner 

49 Dean College Arts and Sciences Dr. William McIntosh 

72 Dean Col Bus-Applied Program.. Dr. Tsegai Emmanuel 

58 Dean Division Graduate Studies Cr. William Sanders 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Joseph capers 


LOUISIANA COLLEGE 

1140 College Drive, Pineville 71360 

Congressional District: B 
County: Rapides FICE Identification: 002007 

Telephone (318) 487-701 1 Entity Humber: 1-72-046-7515-ftl 

Established 1906 

Enrollment: 1,283 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 51,320 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, »MUS 

01 President Er. Robert 1. Lynn 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Stanley G. Lott 

10 Business Manager nr * Ernest. Hicks 

06 Registrar frothy Calhocn 

30 Vice Pres for Development Hr* Alton Lacey 

07 Dir of Adoissions-Student Aid Hr. Wayne Ryan 

08 Director of the Library HU ‘ 

32 Vice Pres for Student Develop Dr. Leroy Heath 

26 Dir of Institutional Relations Hr- W. R. «ixon 

36 Dir Alumni Af fairs-Placement 

iu Director Computer Center Hts. Kay P. Rast 

19 Director of Security Hr ’ John Dennls 

LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

99 unlv Ukukon MlM. »»“«• congressional District, 6 

County: last Bnton »o»9. ”CH Id.ntiEiaationr 00200? 

Telephone (504> 389-2111 Entity Hu.b.r, 

uS ; Iwi'fM'Mmliuliii;:::""- 

05 Vice pres Instr and Research M ' J ° f, a L 


Ob vice pres innu, nudlev B. Fricke 

04 Exec Asst to President.... n? E ' H Firnberq 

09 Dir institutional Hr* *• ^ 

27 Director Information Services n^n E Bivins I II 

26 Director University Relations Hr. Dan E. Bivins . 

♦LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY AND AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL 
COLLEGE BATON ROUGE 


„ ..... congressional District: 6 

Baton Rouge 70803 identification: 0020‘>0 

Telephon^^SOb* 1 388-697 7 Entity Number: 1-72-600-0848-A1 

Established 1855 

EDEolloent: « 1 na „ g „ a ua te T „ it ion eni Fee. (I.-n.tUI HI! 

Control: State 

ssiss. , £sssr»5r!a“.— i. »«*« 

.ccSsitsrnfsc. ss* fl ” EB ’ 

LAW, LIB, LSAF, MUS, SP, SW, TED, VE pauL Murrill 

02 Chancellor.. ......... Dr> otis 0 . Wheeler 

05 Vice Chanc Acadeilic A ftairs. . . ■ nCt Quinn n, coco 

10 Vice Chanc Bus 5 e£ 7 CC c Ft ^?ipR . Hr. Albert L. Clary 

06 Director of Academic • Services. Cr> ,,y nri l. Pesson 

45 Vice Chanc for Administration ^ John Tyler 

14 Dir Sys Network Computer '“’'’Hr. George J. Guidry 

0B Director o ft h«LiSr«cy....... -..•••••••• Dr> jgaes W. Redaoc*- 

32 Vice Chanc for Student Affairs.... _ Br ^ j 6cry . j. Baudi 

09 Dir institutional Research... Leslie R. Lavergn 

37 Director Student Aid.--. Mr Evang L . Roberts Jr, 

15 Dir Office Pecs sar vi c f s ;*' nr . vincant E. cangelos: 

38 Dean of the Junior Division niss 0 rdell Griffitl 

07 Director of Admissions Oscar G. Bichan 

27 Dir information Ser vices. •.•••*' .or. Ralph V. Pik> 

25 Asst Vice Chanc Res Coc “";. “*’**, Dc . Donald G. Tarve 

04 Assistant to the chancellor 


Entity Number: 1-72-600-0848-A1 

Coed 


160 


LOOISI _____ 


51 Dean Div Continuing Education Cr. Prit2 A. HcCameron 

55 Dean General college Dc. Janes H. Wharton 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Henry Schneider 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Janes G. Trayham 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Richard A. Natula 

4? Dean of Agriculture Dr. R. Hovard Hanchey 

50 Dean Business Adainistration Dr. Don 1. Woodland 

70 Dean of Social Welfare school Cr. Sernard J. wiest 

64 Dean of the Husic school Dr. Lyle Merriaan 

62 Dean Grad Sch Litrary Science Dr. Jane R. Carter 

51 Dean of Education Dr. Peter A. Soderbergh 

48 Acting Dean of Design.. Dr. Jack N. Haynes 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. Everett D. Besch 

65 Dir Center (Zetland Resources Dr. Jack Van Lopik 

59 Act g Dir School Hone Economics Dr. Neva J. Olsen 

60 Director School cf Journalise Cr. John C. Merrill 

75 Dir Sch Voc Education Cr. Charlie H. Curtis 

* LOUIS I AH A STATE UNIVERSITY AT ALEXANDRIA 

Alexandria 71301 Congressional District: 8 

County: Rapides F1C£ Identification: 002011 

Telephone <31B) 445-3672 Entity Number: 1-72-600-0848-A3 

Established 19 59 Coed 

Enro Llaent : 1,280 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $320 
Cent col: state Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ra a: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's! 2-Year 
Principally Eachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; sc, ADNUR 

02 Chancellor Sam H. Prank 

10 Dir Bus Affairs t Ccaptroller Charles B. Holloway 

05 Dean Academic Affairs Everett F. Morris 

06 Registrar Robert S. Coco 

08 Librarian Ada c . j arred 

32 Dean student Affairs Charnia L. Cheatvood 

34 .ounselar. . . Eloise Andcies 

37 Couns-Dir Pin-Aid Scholarships Robert R. Eoswell 

50 Head-Division of Business Percy R. Chandler 

66 Director DiTisicc of Nursing Edith Morris 

00 Jet g Head-Div of Liberal Arts Everett F. Morris 

00 Head-Divisi.cn of science Benjamin P. Martin 

♦LOUISIANA STUB UNIVERSITY AT EUNICE 

p ° Bunice 70535 Congressional District: 8 

AC8 ^= ,, PICI Identification: 002012 

Establl 3 fced^i 96 u << ' 7 *'^^ Entity Nuaber: 1- 72-600-0848-A4 

Enrollment; 1, 328 Coed 

Control- State Ull ' ,ergca,3 ' ,ate Tuition and Pees(In-State) ; $300 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Seaester 

Program: Tar lir.al Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bacbelcr's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, RSTHT 

)6 Registrar-Director Admissions , E r-oef? 

10 Director of Business Affairs?., i:......'..? ^erov J Itark 

!6 Dir of Informational Services Br David si«S 

: 2 9 •*- kk 

49 Head Division of Science.*? ?! MiiliTl i 

50 Actg Head Div Bus Adain "I” D [ pJJ}! \ „ ! b ? Ck 

66 Dir Nursing 6 Allied Health .!...b s . I»a * IntiZ 

♦LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER 

1440 canal st suite 1510, New Orleans 70112 

County: Orleans 2 

Telephone <50») 568-4808 E ntitv l ? 1 « t &5 s „ 002(m 

Established 1931 MUt * Kuaber: 1-72-600-0848-A6 

inrollaent: 2,498 Coed 

Coot col: st.t. *■!«•> «•« , „„ 

Highest Offering: Doctorate Seaester 

Prog raa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's! Professional 

Acer editation: ADNUR, ADD, CTTO, DA. dent m nr 

NOR, OT, ETA, RAD, KSIH, SP ' * T ' 

! Chancellor 

Vice chanc for Acad Affairs , ® n *• Co Pping 

Assistant to the Chancellor ’."**«,* Pi " 6ct y 

Registrar ^ J * Hichon 

Director Computer Services. .. .! * *1 Vidacovich 

Information Service Alumni '« r * B n?., ad ° re u J ' w lUs 

Director Personnel Services.... ’ tl , , ^rs worthy 

* Br * J °nn V. Bradley 


37 Dir Student Financial Aid Hr. James I>. Comeaux 

10 Vice Chanc Business Affairs Hr. Janes R. fatin 

08 Medical Librarian Mr. John P. Tschfl 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. John c. Finerty 

63 Dean of Medicine New Orleans Dr. Paul P. Larson 

52 Dean of Dentistry Dr. Jack II. Rayson 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Helen Dunn 

72 Dean of Allied Hlth Profess Dr. Stanley l|. Abadio 

♦LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY IN SHREVEPORT 
8515 Youree Drive, Shreveport 71115 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Caddo FICE Identification: 002013 

Telephone (318) 797-7121 Entity Number: 1- 72-070-2 00 1 - A2 

Established 1965 Coefl 

Enrollment: 3,516 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $480 
Control: state Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: SC, TED 

02 Chancellor Dr. E. Grady Hogue 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Gary K. Brashier 

10 Vice Chanc Business Affairs Dc. A. J. Ilovolt 

32 Vice Chanc of Student Affairs Dr. Jimmie N. Smith 

37 Director of student Aid Hr. Edgar Chase 

08 Librarian Hr. Malcolm G. Parker 

06 Registrar Mrs. Fabia E. Thomas 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Mr. Harry B. Moore 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Albert D. Cooksoy 

27 Director-Information Services Hr. Joel Fcyor 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Don c. Hilcox 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts Dr. Mary A. HcDclde 

51 Dean of General studies Dr. Vincent J. Marsala 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Dohby E. Tabaclet 

60 Dean of Science Dc. Thomas A. Moss 

♦UNIVERSITY OF NEW ORLEANS 

Lake Front, New Orleans 70122 Congressional Districts 1 

County: Orleans FICE Identification: 002015 

Telephone (504) 283-0600 Entity Number: 1 -72-070-2000- M 

Established 1956 Good 

Enrollment: 14,431 

„ , undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : J57U 

Control: state sen on tor 

Highest Offering: Doctorate senestor 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, BUS, ENG, HUS, SW , TED 

K2 as; Sr -HS-«SS5rD!- •?:S5iS 

09° sir e inX u ;r el ? p ;r e ^ serv <*. 00 ^;? leu: 

06 Si? JXo? „ n Ud 68 Hc * H - R ichard Burleson 

33 Own R ® cocds *---- Hr. S. Hark Strickland 

29 cooed fiJJn?' f D ? ve ' lop,aent Dr. E. Frank Masingill 

27 ffairs...... AUotl j. Th ibodeaux 

\l Dir nf ati ° n u Vica8 ***“-** Hl ' s ' Evel Y" *• Staapley 

4 Dir computer Research Center Dr. Roy M. Jenovein 

6 III °J 232; t ii 8MVlc r 1 XX; 

37 Dir of Placement..... Miss Marjorie c . McKay 

0B DiSeSo? K. f?U"° lal Ald Hr * G0Or 9° c * 

SJiii T.*“ 

56 Dean Metropolitan College Dr. Gosrdon U Mueller 

53 X o B rEXtio d n B ????? Cati0n Dr. John E.’ Altasnn 

00 Dean of Sciences. ?!?.' .\' ° C * „ EdVard J ?* „ 3 °® ola 

58 Dean of Graduate School! ? ! ! ? ! ? ? i ! ! i ' Dr. RobeJti. joJdSn 

LOUISIANA TECH UNIVERSITY 


P 0 BOX 4074 Tech Station, Ruston 71272 

Congressional District; 
FICE Identification: 00201 
Entity Nuaber: 1 -72-600-0792- 


county: Lincoln 
Telephone (318) 257-0211 

F.Stahl ioni. 


Established 1894 
Enrollment: 9,274 


Coe 


control- state 0ndei: 9 radUBte Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S6E 
Highest'offering: Doctorate QU6rtE 

°aJd B Ge^?al? a TeaSherPMo?J f 8l ° W Bachelor, s » H^ral Arts 

Accreditation- sc aScS R «^« S ional 

01 President. ' ARCH ' BUS ' a DlET, ENG, MR A, HUS, TED 

“ ,lce Ptes si-uauu-iisi;;::::::::::::: “•£ til Hill 



.161 


10 Vice Pees Adainv Affairs 

32 Vice President Student Affairs 
07 Dean Basic and Career Studies 

36 Dean of Student Services. 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid 

33 Dean of Student Life 

0t) Director of Libraries.... 

06 Registrar...... 

5d Dean o£ Engineering 

50 Dean Admin and Business.. 

49 Dean of Acts and Sciences 

53 Dean of Education.. 

47 Dean of Life Sciences.... 

59 Dean of llcue Economics... 


LOYOLA UNIVERSITY IS NEH ORLEANS 


•••• Hr. George Eycnside 
....... Hr, E. s. Foster 

**;* Hrs * p atsy B. lewis 
■ tr. Elenora A. Cavtfcor. 

J - c * Seaman 
nr. Robert T. i attersor. 

Dr - Dudley Yates 

«rs. Eleanor s. Pockett 

• Dr. j. j. ihigper. 

Dr. Bot r. evens 

*** Dr. p. j. Pennington 

• Er. B. j. collinsvorth 
••.... Dr. Hal &. Barker 

• * Dr. Bess Haley 


6363 Saint Charles Avenue, Nev Orleans 70110 

Ccont y. Qrlaan , r .^ n9 ^ ess f onal Distcict: 2 

Esta blis hed^ 19 12^ 6 ^" 201 1 Bntlty ^ 

Enrollnent; 4,540 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S2^72S 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

Highest Offering: Master's semester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's: Liberal Arts 


and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, BUS, DH, LAV 


01 President...... 

05 Vice Pees Academic Affairs.. 

10 Vice President fer Finance.. 

30 Vice Pres Instnl Advancement 
09 Director Information Systems 

06 Acting Registrar 

08 Director of the Library 

32 Vice Pres of student Affairs 
26 Director of Public Relations 

29 Dir of Alumni Relations 

25 Director of Research 

37 Director of Financial Aid... 

15 Dir Finan S Personnel Services 
14 Director of Computer Center. 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences... 

61 Dean of Law.... 

64 Dean of Husic 

50 Dean Business Administration 
53 Director of Graduate Studies 
55 Acting Dean of City College. 


Professional 
HUS, SR 

Rev. Janes c. Carter 
Dr. Robert A. Preston 
Hr. John L. Eckholdt 
Hr. Charles E. Young 
... Hr. John F. Sears 

Dr. Bobs Tusa 

Ms. Joanne R. Euster 
Hr. Vincent P. Knipfing 
Hr. Eugene R. Katsanis 
. Hs. Beverly p. Murphy 
. Dr. John F. Christman 
. Hr. E. F. sey bold Jr. 

Hr. Jay Calamia 

Hr. Kenneth G. Beasley 
..... Dr. Haria J. Falco 

.... Hr. Marcel Garsaud 

...... Dr. David Svanzy 

... Dr. Joseph H. Bonin 
. Dr. John F. Christnan 
.... Hr. Villie zanders 


HCNEBSB STATE UNIVERSITY 

4 ICO Ryan Street, Lake Charles 70605 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Calcasieu PICE Identification: 002017 

Telephone (318) 477-2520 Entity Nuaber: 1-72-600- 1688-Al 

Established 1938 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,122 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $555 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Haster' s But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 

Professional 
TED 

. Dr. Jack V. Doland 
Dr. Robert D. Hebert 
Hr. Kenneth S. Sweeney 
Mr. Robert E. Turner 
Hr. Richard H. Reid 
. Hr. Billy J. Brown 
Hr. Charles D. Duhon 
Theodore Partin Jr. 
Hiss Linda Y. Finley 
Barbara E. Breedlove 
Dr. Janes H. Mocriss 
. Mr. Gary L. Snyder 
.... Hr. G. D. Jones 
Hr. William F. Gossett 
.. Hr. Louis Riviere 
. Mr. Danny J. Eason 
Mrs. Jc E. Schtoeder 
Hr. Benjanin C. Harlow 
Dr. Bobby E. Hankins 
.. Dr. Judith Morgan 
Dr. Eldon R. Bailey 
... Dr. Louis Rzepka 
Dr. Richey A. Novak 
Dr. 0. C. Karkalits 


and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc, FUSER, MUS, RAD, 
01 President 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs 

32 Vice Pres Admin Stdnt Affairs 

10 Chief Fiscal officer 

08 Director of Library 

09 Director Educational Services 

15 Personnel Officer 

14 Dir inatnl Res e Info Prcessn 

06 Registrar. 

07 Admissions Counselor......... 

38 Dir Counsel -Scholarships-Test 
27 Dir Info Serv-Stdnt Publicatns 
3 7 Dir student Financial Aid 
29 Dir Alumni Affairs 6 Placement 
26 Dean of Student Services 

33 Asst Dean Student Services... 

34 Asst Dean Student Services. .. 

51 Dir of community Services.... 

49 Dean of College cf Sciences.. 

58 Interim Dean Grad Sch-Dir Res 

50 Interim Dean college Business 
53 Dean of College of Education. 

57 Dean College of Liberal Arts. 

94 Dean Col Engr £ Technology... 


Mrs 


Ccucty: Oris. 
Telephone (*.;• 
tstatiistel i 
EcralUer.;: l 

Affiliatirs-; 
Higke-it Cff.i: 
frcgrsB: ptef 
Accredit 
01 Preside:.*.. . 
03 Executive Vi 

05 Vice ftes 
10 vice free 

32 vice Preside 
00 Dir School r 

06 Registrar... 
08 Director o J 
73 Doctor of i»i 


) is. 
1 7 


< pi 

Are 


Hill* 

1 CSli 


f « i • 

r r:,\ 


in a 
l£ti 


i f:. 


K O'*" 

- ss v a i 


"-Y 


* ' 7,9 2.Y 

■; aval 

... •* s. 

-? u :• r v 


HICHOltS STAY® n.;»ERTITT 

University Statist, Ir..!. 

County: Lafcirrta 
Telephone 1 5 3- 1 
Established lv-is 
Enrcllaen*.: 

Control: State 

Highest Offering: Fewer.;! * 

Prograa: Terminal Cctij a-; 

ar.i General; "etc:.*; p; ; 
Accreditation: C:.', adnir, 
01 Fresiier.t 

05 Vice pros of icadeau. 

10 Vice Pres of Businfrii at; 

06 Fsgistrar 

08 Librarian. 

19 Director of Sacu; it y. . .. , 
25 Dean of Adminieti atmr.. . . 

33 Dean of Her. 

34 Dean of Women 

36 Director Sttient Pisceiyr 

37 Director Student Ficatri* 
27 Director of Pufclicstnaa. 
32 Vice Pres cf Student Ear* 

09 Director Institutional It 
03 Vice President and Proves 

49 Dean of Sciences 

58 Dean of the Graduate irsv 
53 Dean of Education. 

50 Dean Business A4»iSis»trait 

72 Dean Life Sciaasts-tacsti 
56 Dean of literal Arts 




1 .... 

-4f- 


i * •• ft i 

,-r.el 


%’■ -i 


f - Torvill 
-■» .. r; tt #t: At a * 
>: ,• t .... s u „ «> m * t 

*an’! mi \ ft. i*t:5 
: « l» s» i list 
. . . . ., t r * « j* s rif le 

» i . . . w* "i , afts: an 
,. II ;» J- ^;sarg 
sv ** vi < H;j-.r y: s as* er 
.. ...in : (ii li. s if 1 * Vt *aa.t 
3a*"' is. tiim* sew eg 
..... sf ft***ro 

., ;,l » a S-it r y 

J.. Ay a 

,, f. Ci-asims 

.... 35-.it x* 

, 1r ir«i*#p% 

. is*;** Graa 

■■ U .3. Fairer. 
3 .. ! 


NORTHEAST LOVZSim BBIVEJTJri 

700 University Avecie, A : 5.: '.w 1’lsi 

3 Si«t: ® 

County: Ouachita t?1f Ylwta# w-«t j.»ar: 2 )'hJA' 2D i ?.0 

Telephone (318) 342-211’ tr:*f la»M{ . ! * * 2 ■ WHS - i 6> - 1 * 

Established 19 31 CC"*d 

Enrollaent: 9,175 

Unietgrala*’* t*i*t»* »*« ?*** 1 b» -Sta* * $15 2 $ 

control: State 

Highest oftennj: C:ctcrate 

Fcogram: Terminal C-ccuj at ta*il 8*i*« »*vh«i***l*i U»at* A. »**s 
and General; T«mca«£ 

Accreditation: s;, 373 , :*t, w. mu, w», «• mm, .St, 

01 President - St - 9i«-ess 

10 Executive Vice Preaiden* **- *- 'H-ca-staas 

05 Vice Pres for Academic i w .. rs 

„ Associate* Deaa’of: Stiimi....' — *•- **• ******* ^ ! 

n nir Ptnan Aid- , 'ouas«l*®7 Ctr. SW* o*** 'ASvBi'i^Ssa^i 1 € 

29 JoJrdfauSrlli.ni Service ^ tTS* 

36 coordinator cf NiMMIt SSn^itTy^' 55t!Si 

27 lit of Lform^tioa^ern^i-.*- — — **1 «Xe»- 

J® ?® aD S? l co 1 1 ® »* "o! 4 - ’ - n**-*-**— ' l*m***~ 

mo nnir, ml t ur ppiled #***'■*•#••■»■**’•*•»*•* **2®*’* 

a ;{ »* *•-•** »« ?.« 


4 HEN ORLEANS BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

: 3939 Gentilly Boulevard, New Orleans ^^ loadl District: 1 







HORTHW E STERN STATE UNIVERSITY OP LOUISIANA 

Natchitoches 71457 Congressional District: 5 

County: Natchitoches PICE identification: 002021 

Telephone (318) 357-6361 Entity Number: 1-72-600-0783-A1 

Established 1804 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,056 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $590 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ABHOR, HUS, HUB, RAD, SW, TED 
01 President Dr. Rene J. Bienvenu 

05 Vice pres of Academic Affairs Dr. Thomas P. Southerland 

10 Vice Pres University Affairs Hr. Norris F. Bass 

06 Registrar Er. Austin L. Temple 

08 Librarian.. Hr. Donald II. HacKenzie 

32 Dean University College Dr. Richard H. Galloway 

29 Director of Aluani Association Dr. c. B. Ellis 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Ann L. Hclieely 

27 Director Information Services Hr. Jerry D. Pierce 

14 Director of computer Center Hr. larry Horrisor, 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Hoyt J. Reed 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts Er. George A. Stokes 

50 Dean of Business Dr. David c. Townsend 

72 Dean Sciences-Technology Dr. Edward W. Graham 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Cr. Donald H. Rauson 

66 Dean of Nursing Dr. Peggy j. Ledbetter 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Robert A. Alost 

NOTRE BAHE SEMINARY SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 

2901 S Carrollton Ave, New Orleans 70118 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Orleans FICE Identification: 002022 

Telephone (504) 866-7426 Entity Number: 1-72-042-8008-A1 

Established 1923 Coed 

E 25?H“ ant: 69 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Program Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, THEOL 

05 Academic Dean..... Rev . william S. Swann 

10 Director of Administration Pev. Royce J. Mitchell 

08 Dir ectrt r If fT""* Foraatial1 ^v. Ellis Depriest 

06 * Llhrary Rev - Robert B tahl 

‘5 SSiSUri* ff: S lirillh r""? 

OUR LADY OF H01Y CRCSS COLLEGE 

4123 woodland Drive, New Orleans 70114 

CQunt „. ne Congressional District: 1 

iff? i 7 ^ 6 ^ i Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1^950 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate r 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 1 

Accreditation: SC 

51 S" 14 ""' »r. mt.r Maestri 

10 Treasirerl! I* Se * flary I aura_Helancon 

32 Chief student Life Officer 1 I* *sr' ’ ChaJief a cleian? 

37 Dir student Financial Aid .. I .... SSSilS jS 

08 Librarian ” r ‘ Ron ? ld Jones 

06 Registrar "I] ‘I “l*? 6 Eason 

07 Director of Admissions. .J ".i ll' ACn ° 

26 Public Relations Hs. Marianne Kerner 

36 Director St'd.nt rl.ont 

♦PHILLIPS COLLEGE OF NEW ORLEANS 

3625 1-18 Service Road, Metairie 70002 

County* .ipffprqon Congressional District: 3 

jjXjSjrSLSL* „ .c’ffi'JSJS*’ 444 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Quarter 

ram: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 Director. . . u , 

04 Administrative S ecretary. AaaB * 

36 Director student Placement..;”^’;”;”;;;;;;'” JJJjL "t!;}®!; 

37 Director stedent ftn.MCi.l Aid mss toll' 


SAINT BERNARD PARISH COHMUNITY COLLEGE 

1100 E Judge Perez Drive, Chalnette 70043 

_ t . Congressional District: 1 

County: Saint Bernard FICE Identification: 009271 

Telephone (504) 277-1142 Entity Number: 1-72-600-1195-12 

Established 1967 rr>A 

Enrollment: 389 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) ■ $55 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 31C 

President Hr. Ru ford Jones 

«5 First Asst Superintendent Dr. Thomas R. Warner 

in director Mr. Harold Clavier 

10 Supervisor of Business Sr. Irwin Ruiz 

08 Librarian Mrs. Georgette Hall 

56 Director Continuing Education Dr. Gordon Johnson 

SAINT JOSEPH SEMINARY COLLEGE 

Saint Benedict 70457 Congressional District: 1 

County: Saint Tammany FICE Identification: 002027 

Telephone (504) 892- 1B00 Entity Number: 1- 72- 043-9000- A 1 

Established 1091 Coed 

Enrollment: 111 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: £1,680 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offerihg: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SC 

01 Rector and President Rev . James C. Boulvare 

33 Dean of Men Rev. Jonathan M. Defrange 

05 Academic Dean Rev , pi us c< Lartigue 

ao ?*? dent Counselor Rev. Patrick J. Regan 

?n Tr trarlan Hr ' Josa Ph «• Babin 

, 9 *f ea f; ure ^ w Rev * Michael l3 - Jung 

30 Dir Develop-Pub Relations Rev. Stanislaus D. Moseley 

06 Registrar Rev. SC ott J. underwood 

SAINT MARY'S DOMINICAN COLLEGE 

7214 Saint Charles Avenue, New Orleans 70118 
_ t „ , Congressional District: 2 

County: Orleans FICE identification: 002028 

Telephone (504) 865-7761 Entity Number: 1 -72-042-80 10- A i 

Established 1908 Women 

v?5?H IDe " tS 710 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,900 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, CYTO, DIET, RSTII, SW 
President. or- Mary Gerald Shea 

05 Academic Dean Dc. Pamela G. Henke 

06 Registrar....... Mrs. Katherine Alito 

? Dxr Admissions- Recruiting Mrs. Jane C, Chauvin 

in EAbrarxa "*‘- Ms. Elaine W. Mount 

10 Finance Officer Sr. Mary Judene Lillie 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Catherine Roland 

in ^ ace ^ tor Alumnae Relations Miss Aimeeann Reardon 

30 Dir Develop and Public Affairs Ms. Dorothy llenrigues 

37 Student Financial Aid Mr. Mark Polkosnik 

51 Chrnn Div Community Programs Dr. Carl Drichta 

SOUTHEASTERN LOUISIAHA UNIVERSITY 

100 Vest Dakota, Hammond 70402 Congressional District: 6 

county: Tangipahoa FICE Identification: 002024 

Telephone (504) 549-2000 Entity Number: 1-72-600-0816-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,367 

_ . . Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $518 

Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, MUS, NUR, TED 

nl * Dr. J- larry Crain 

on £ rSS , A ^ ade, " lc Affairs. Dr . Sidney J. Romero 

°° li^.1 l TeS Affairs Mr. AlSin Leblanc 

in li C t «- es Student Affairs Dr. Robert D. Outier 

Ic J?!' t J i 5 e l r * s Adai ? Affairs........ Hr. James H. Honea 

nn off- 5 Institutional Research Dr. Randall J. Webb 

m Ur. James E. Davis 

07 Admissions Officer.. Mrs. lris s . Wiggins 

.......... Dr. F. Landon Greaves 

iS °“ Acer ‘- Mr. H. Doyle Magee 

°f?? ter Center Mr. Roy J. Bernard 

\\ n^ C 4? E a° £ . P ?H iCati0nS *”*** •*■ ••• •••”•• Dalaon « cNalr 
32 Dean Student Life... Mrs. Patsy Causey 



LOUISIANA 


163 


29 Director of Alumni Services Hr. Lloyd Spring 

37 Student Aid Officer Hr. Charles Fagan 

50 Dean of College of Business Dr. Basil C. Sweatt 

53 Dean of College cf Education Dr. Laurence W. Byrnes 

49 Dean of college cf Humanities.... .. Dr. James U. Wilcox 

72 Dean Col Sci and Technology Cr. Patrick E. Settoon 

66 Dean School of Nursing Er. Ellienne T. Tate 

5 U Dean School Graduate studies Dr. Clarence E. Golemon 

00 Dean General Curriculum Dr. Bernard carrier 


SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGE 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Baton Rouge 70813 Congressional District: 6 

County: East Baton Rouge FICE Identification: 009637 

Telephone (504) 771-4500 Entity Number: 1-72-600-0017-AI 

01 President Dc. Jesse N. Stone Jr. 

05 Vice Pres fcr Academic Affairs Dr. James J. Prestage 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Ms. Clarence H. Collier 

45 Vice Pres Res and Planning Dr. lewis I. White 

10 Dep Vice prec Fir and Dus Aff. Hr. Audrey K. Kennedy 

25 Director of Grants office Dr. Thosas r. Williams 

04 Ada in v Asst to the President Mrs. Audrey L. Leblanc 

29 Exec Sec Alumni- Act g Dir Fdn Hr. Donald C. Hade 

15 Dir for Personnel Services Hr. Thurman Butler 

30 Dir of University Foundation Dr. Charles Bryant 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. Clayton Lewis 

♦SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY AGRICULTURAL AND HECHANICAL COLLEGE It AIN 
CAMPUS 

Raton Rouge 70813 Congressional District: 6 

County: East Baton Rouge FICE Identification: 009636 

Telephone (504) 771-4500 Entity Number: 1- 72-600-0817-A1 

Established 1880 Coed 

Enrollment: 0,064 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $538 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Raster's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, ARCH, eng, LAW, mus, SB, TED 

01 Preg of Sub University System Dr. Jesse N. Stone Jr. 

02 Chanc of Baton Rouge Campus Dr. Roosevelt Steptoe 

03 Vice Chanc of Administration................ Dr. Thomas Wilcox 

06 Registrar Nr. Carlyle H. Chapman 

08 Librarian Mrs. Georgia Brown 

36 Director of Placement Services Hr. odel Compton 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Howard Smith 

34 Dean of Women Mrs. Helen Barron 

37 Director of Financial Aid.- Hrs. Mildred Higgins 

27 Director of Public Contacts Hr. Clayton Lewis 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Jesse Bilberry 

05 Vic e Chancellor Academic Aff.... - Vacant 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Van Ray Field 

50 Dean of the Graduate School Dc. Jamas II. Fortenberry 

61 Dean of the Schccl of Law Hr. Bhishoa K. Agnihotri 

54 Dean of Col of Engineering Hr. Hontrust Q. aurcell 

47 Act g Interm Dean Col of Agric Dr. George Robinson 

50 Dean of School of Business Hr. Unice L. White 

53 Dean of College of Education. Er. Edward R. Ellcis 

59 Dean of Sch of Bcme Economics Dr. Eula H. Masingale 

49 Acting Dean College of Arts Dr. Robert E. Horan 

64 Director of Music. Dr. Aldrich W. Adkins 

72 Director of Technology Dr. Eddie Hildreth 

75 Director Vocational Education Nr. Ledell D. Vlrdure 

48 Act g Dir of Architecture Hr. Henry Thurman 

♦ SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY IN NEW ORLEANS 
6400 Press Drive, New Orleans 70126 

Congressional District: 1 
Comity: Orleans PICE Identification: 002026 

Telephone (504) 282- 4401 Entity Number: 1-72-600-0817-A6 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,633 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5410 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational , Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, SW 

02 chancellor. Dr. Enaett W. Bashful 

04 Assistant to the Chancellor..... Nr. William F. Furr 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs - Dc * Asa c * siBS 

10 Business Manager . Hr. Charles E. Burns 

32 Dean of students. v “ c * nt 

30 Director of Development.. - Nr . Albert Sam 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions.......... Nr. Herman F. Plunkett 

OB Librarian...... Nrs. Eddie H. Young 

09 Dir of Institutional Research. .............. • Dr. Ruby Jackson 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Mrs. Irene c. Howard 

36 Director of student Placement Nr. Michael siggers 


♦SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY SiiRE VEP0RT-BCSS1EP CITY CAHPUS 

3050 cooper Road, Shreveport 71107 Congressional District: 4 
County: Caddo FICE Identification: 004622 

Telephone (318) 674-3300 Entity Humber: 1- 72- 600-0817-AU 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 677 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $372 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograo: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

02 Chancellor Hr. Leonard C. Barnes 

05 Dean Mrs. SeLcy S. Collins 

10 Business Manager Hr. Franklin Husgrow 

06 Registrar..... Mr. Clifton Jones 

08 Librarian Mrs. Orella Brazile 

32 Director of Student Personnel Hr. Sam A. Gilliam 


TULANE UNIVERSITY OF LOUISIANA 

New Orleans 70118 Congressional District: 2 

County: Orleans FICE Identification: 002029 

Telephone (504) 865-4011 Entity Number: 1 -72-042-3889-Ai 

Established 1834 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,190 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $5,056 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Pro fessional 

Accreditation: SC, ARCH, ART, BUS, PNG, HSA , LAW, MED, HUS, 

PH, SP, SW 

01 President Dc. Sheldon Hackney 

03 Executive Vice President.. Cr . Eamon Kelly 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. S. Frederick Starr 

04 Provost of the University Dc. Frank T. Birtel 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. Paul McFarland 

32 Vice Pres and Dean Stdnt Serv Nr. Donaia R. Moore 

07 Director of Admissions He. Pred Zuker 

06 University Registrar Hr. Earl Retif Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Thomas P. Lovett 

08 Director of University Library Hr. William Newman 

34 Dean of Newcomb College Dr. Susan Wittig 

36 Director of Placement Hr. J. Mason Webster Sr. 

14 Director of Conputer Center Dr. Daniel B. Killeen 

13 Director of System Development Hr. Prank D'Accangelo 

09 Instl Research Officer Hs. Marcia V. Bromberg 

15 Personnel Director Hr. Charles Sakva 

25 Director of Sponsored Research Dc. Gene D'Amouc 

38 Director Counseling-Testing Ms. Janet H. Hansche 

00 Dir Delta Reg Primate Hes Ctr Dr. Peter J. Gerone 

55 Dean Univ Col and Suam School Hr. Wayne S, Woody 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Joseph E. Gordon 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Frank T. Birtel 

61 Dean of the School of Lav Dr. Paul R. Verkuil 

63 Dean of the Sch of Medicine Dr. James T. Hamlin III 

69 Dean Public Hlth-Trop Hedicine Dr. Janes E. Banta 

54 Dean School of Engineering Dr. Hugh A. Thompson 

48 Dean School cf Architecture.... Nr. Ronald Filson 

50 Dean Grad Sch Business Admin Hr. Walter T. Murphy 

70 Dean School Social Work Dr. Helen Cassidy 

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHWESTERN LOUISIANA 
E University Avenue, Lafayette 70504 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Lafayette FECE Identification: 002031 

Telephone (318) 264-6000 Entity Number; 1-72-600-0820- A1 

Established 1898 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,311 ' 

Onctergrad ua te Tuition and Fees (In -state) ; 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, ARCH, ENG, UFA , H05, TED 

01 President Dr. Ray P. Authement 

45 Vice Pres Adninv Af fairs ................ . Dr. James 8. Oliver 

26 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Dr. Jack D< Testeraan 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Samnie V. Cosper 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs. Hr. Ovey Hargrave Jr. 

06 Registrar . Wilt* P. champagne 

07 Director of Admissions....... Mr. Leroy Broussard Jr. 

08 Dir of University Libraries Hr. Donald L. Saporite 

32 Dean of students Hr. Raymond s. Blancc 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Curtis L. Johnsor 

38 Dir of counseling and Testing........ Dc* Jan kernel 

25 Dir Research & Grants Services Dr. Bayne L. Dentgt 

27 Dir University News services. ■ Hr. Hike nahei 

29 Director of the Alumni office... Hr, Joseph E. -tienm 

15 Supv Personnel-Purchasing.... Nr. Elwood J. Broussar< 

14 Director Computing Center Mrs. Della T. Bonnetti 

13 Dir of Information Systems....... Dr. Donald J. Simoi 



SfiJtSSJMJ 

36 Placement Officer (is. Catherine A. Houton 

19 Director o-f Security Hr. Albert Glaude 

51 Director University College • Dr. Allen H. St Hartin 

48 Dean Arts-Ii um-Behav Sciences. Dr. Mary S. Dichnann 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Huey S. McCauley 

47 Dean of Agriculture Dr. Oases A. Foret 

54 Dean, of Engineering Dr. Janes V. Reeves 

66 Dean of Nursing tics. Ruby W. Tillery 

50 Dean of Commerce Dr. Rexford C. Hauser 

50 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Robert R. Jones 

49 Dean Biology- Hath-Phy Sciences Or- David R. Andrew 

XAVIER UNIVERSITY CF LOUISIANA 

Palmetto G Pine Streets, Hev Orleans 70125 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Orleans PICE Identification: 002032 

Telephone (504) 486-7411 Entity Number: 1-72-063-58S4-A2 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,930 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 12,350 

Affiliation: Raman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Raster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and Generali Teacher Preparatory; 
p rofessional 

Accreditation: sc, CHE, HUS, PHAR, SH 

01 President Dr. Norman C. Francis 

03 Executive vice President.... Mr. Anthony H. Rachal Jr. 

05 University Dean Sr. Rosemarie Klainhaus 

32 Director of Student Affairs.... Hr. John Johnson 

30 Director of Development Hr. Clarence J. Jupiter 

10 Director of Financial Affairs Dr. Bhagvan S. Gupta 

45 Director of Planning Mrs. Mary H. Ellis 

07 Dean of Freshman Stdies-Adais. Dr. Alfred Guillaume 

15 Director of Personnel Services Mr. Bruce Kirkland 

14 Manager Computing Pacilit ies. Hr. David Gaqheart 

09 Institutional Research Officer Sr. H. Veronica Drave 

06 Registrar Sr. Margaret Clare Anderson 

08 Director of the library Mr. Leslie R. Morris 

26 Director University Relations Hr. Paul Keith 

36 Director of Placenent Hr. Zaile labranche Jr. 

37 Manager Student Financial Aid Ms. Linda M. Chapital 

13 Director Inforaation Systems...... Mrs. Laura K. Svaney 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Sr. Miriam Francis Quinn 

58 Dean of Graduate School - Mr. Julian A. Parker 

67 Acting Dean of Pharmacy Mr. Warren I . McKenna 


BATES COLLEGE 

Lewiston 04240 Congressional District: 2 

County: Androscoggin F1CE Identification: 002036 

Telephone (207) 782-6791 Entity Humber: 1 -0 1-0 21 - 178 1-A1 

Established 1864 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,471 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: S5,720 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 President. Dr. Thomas II. Reynolds 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dr. Carl B. Straub 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. William C. Hiss 

08 Librarian Mr. Joseph J. Derbyshire 

32 Dean of the College Mr. James W. Cacignajt 

30 Director of Development Mr. James C. Warren Jr. 

33 Actg Associate Dean of College Mrs. Celeste F. Branham 

10 Vice Pres Dus Aff 6 Treasurer Mr. Bernard R. carpenter 

06 Registrar Mrs. Margaret N. Taylor 

29 Alumni Secretary Vacant 

3B Director Career Counseling Mr. Stephen F. Johansson 


BEAL COLLEGE 

629 Main Street, Bangor 04401 Congressional District: 2 

County: Penobscot FICE Identification: 005204 

Telephone (207) 947-4591 Entity Number: 1-01-023-2883-A1 

Established 1891 Coed 

Enrollment: 406 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,200 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3EV, JRCB 

01 President Mr. David R. Tibbetts 

05 Chief Academic Officer Hr. Craig II. Tozier 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Richard M. Newcomb 

10 Chief Business Officer Mrs. Deatrice F. Tibbetts 

04 Dean of Adminv Af£-Cont Ed Hr. Richard M. Newcomb 

06 Registrar Mrs. Patricia T. Geagan 

00 Chief Librarian Ms. Toni D. Katz 

07 Dir Admis-Finan Aid-Placement Mrs. Patti G. Leblanc 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Robert J. Breen 

50 Dean of Business Ms. Gertrude S. NcKusick 


MU* 


♦ANDOVER COLLEGE 

335 Forest Avenue, Portland 04101 Congressional District: 1 
County: Cumberland FICE Identification: 009292 

Telephone (207) 774-6126 Entity Number: 1-01-032-0527-A1 

Established 19 66 Coed 

Enrollment: 303 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,625 

Control: Organized as Profit Making other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCD 

01 President..... Lee c. Jenkins 

03 Executive Vice President.... Mark E. Jenkins 

04 Vice Pres of Adminv Services Constance I. Lambert 

05 Academic Dean.... Vacant 

06 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Brenda J. Casey 

06 Librarian Irene H. Tuttle 

10 Comptroller Charles N. Tolman 

14 Computer Center Manager ..... Stephen J. Horr 

36 Director of Placement Katie Coyne 

38 Director counseling Services.... Vacant 

BANGOR THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

300 Union Street, Bangor 04401 Congressional District: 2 

county: Penobscot FICE Identification: 002035 

Telephone (207) 942-6781 Entity Number: 1-01-021-1484-A1 

Established 18 14 Coed 

Enrollment: 94 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,335 

Affiliation: United Church of Christ Semester 

Highest Offering: Pirst Professional 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, THEOL 

01 President....... Dr. G. Wayne Glick 

26 Vice Pres for Sen Relations Hcs. Barbara Sargent 

07 Admissions Director-Librarian Rev. Clifton G. Davis 

10 Business Manager Mr. Robert D. O'Connell 

06 Registrar Mrs. Helen A. Godsoe 


BOWDOIN COLLEGE 

Brunswick 04011 Congressional District: 1 

County: Cumberland PICE Identification: 002038 

Telephone (207) 725-8731 Entity Number: 1-01-021-5213-A1 

Established 1794 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,365 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,885 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Dr. Willard Enteman 

05 Dean of the College.... Dr. Robert C. Wilhelm 

10 Treasurer Mr. Dudley II, Woodall 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. C. Warren Ring 

33 Acting Dean of Students Mr. Allen L. Springer 

07 Director of Admissions. Mr. William R. Mason III 

08 Librarian Mr. Arthur Monke 

37 Director of student Aid..... Mr. Walter II. Moulton 

06 Registrar Miss Rhoda Z. Bernstein 

36 Dir Career Counsel 6 Placement Mr. Harry K. Warren 


CASCO DAY COLLEGE 

477 Congress Street, Portland 04101 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Cumberland FICE Identification: 008431 

Telephone (207) 772-0196 Entity Number: 1-0 1-0 33-0460- A1 

Established 1863 Coed 

Enrollment: 206 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,200 

control: Organized as Profit Making Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 President Dr. Clara L. swan 

03 Vice President - Priscilla A. Clark 

05 Academic Dean Thelma M. Watson 

07 Director of Admissions....... Norman E. Gordon 

08 Head Librarian Mrs. Cynthia Ft. Stewart 

3 B Counsellor James Shufeldt 

55 Coordinator Evening Division Royal F. Earle Jr. 



165 


hath? 


CENTFA1 HA IN E VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

1250 Turner Street, Auburn 04210 Congressional District: 2 
County: Androscoggin FICE Identification: 005276 

Telephone (207) 784-2385 Entity Number: 1-01-600-0001-C6 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,508 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $500 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Dachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV 

01 Director Nelson J. Hegna 

05 Assistant Director... Killian A. Vasser 

06 Registrar ... Carol A. Sevigny 

10 Business Manager William E . Leavitt 


Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Teacher 
Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 Pres-Dean Academic Affairs.. Delmont H. Merrill 

05 Vice President jay l. Fennell 

10 Vice Pres Finan Af f-Trea sure Janes P. Jaffray 

07 Director of Admissions.... Paul E. Husson 

08 1 itrarian. Berneice Thompson 

32 Dean of Student Affairs........ S. Bruce O'Donnell 

36 Director of Career Couseling Caroline Eanasiak 

06 Registrar Donna E. Townsend 

37 Director of Financial Aid Robert L. Caswell 

14 Director of Data Processing Robert fl. Goodwin 

29 Director of Alunni Affairs Edna L. Edes 

30 Director of Development.. Killian W . Cook 

S6 Asst Dir Cont Educ Ext Civ. Lindon E. Christie Jr. 

00 Asst Dir Cont Educ Ext Div Harold L. Mailman 


COLBY COLI.EGS 


MAIN E MARITIME ACADEMY 


Waterville 04901 Congressional District: 1 

County: Kennebec FICE Identification: 002039 

Telephone (207) 873-1131 Entity Number: 1-01-021-1497-A1 

Established 18 13 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,663 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,680 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Hr. Nilliam R . Cotter 

05 Acting Dean of the Faculty Dr. Sonya 0. Rose 

10 Administrative vice President Dr. Robert W. Pullen 

30 Vice President for Development Hr. Sidney W. Farr 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Earl H. Smith 

06 Registrar Mr. George L. Cclaman II 

07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Harry R. Carroll 

08 Librarian Hr. Stuart Debenham 

36 Director Career Planning Ms. Patricia l. Hickson 

37 Director Financial Aid Hr, Gary N. Veaver 

71 Director of Special Program Dr. Robert II. Kany 


Castine 04421 Congressional District: 2 

County: Hancock FICE Identification: 002044 

Telephone (207) 326-4311 Entity Number: 1 -01 -600-0724-A 1 

Established 1941 Coed 

Enrollment: 643 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $1,770 
Control: state Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 Superintendent R Adm. Edvard A. Fodgers 

05 Academic Dean.. Capt. Verge Forbes 

03 Head Administrative Division......... Capt. Robert H. Flenner 

32 Chief Student Life Officer Capt. Killian -F. Brennan 

10 Chief Financial Officer Cdr. Merle A. Bragdon 

07 Dir Admissions-Finan Aid Cdr. Leonard H. Tyler 

06 Student Records Officer... Mrs. Adora H. Leach 

27 Public information Officer cdr. Robert Giamotti 

36 Dir Placement and Development Capt. George H. Marshall 

00 Library Officer..... 1. Cdr. Kenneth II. Anthony 

15 Exec Asst to Supt-Pers Off..... Cdr. Alfred K. Bagot 


COLLEGE OF THE ATLANTIC 

Eden Street, Bar Harbor 04609 Congressional District: 2 

county: Hancock FICE identification: 011385 

Telephone (207) 260-5015 Entity Number: 1-23-703-2625-A1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 173 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering; 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Hr. Edvard G. Kaelber 

05 Vice President Hr. Samuel A. Eliot 

0B Library Director - -... Mrs. Harcia Dvorak 

32 Dir Admis and Student Affairs Hr. James Frick 

36 Director of Placement Hrs. Carole O'Donnell 

10 Business Manager..... Hrs. Liane Peach 

30 Develop Off 6 Contract Adminr Hre. Marguerite Bernstein 

37 Director of Student Aid.... Hr, Ted Koffnan 

EASTERN HA IKE VOCATIONAL AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

Hogan Road, Bangor 04401 Congressional District: 2 

County: Penobscot FICE Identification: 005277 

Telephone (207) 942-5217 Entity Number: 1-01-600-0001-A4 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 660 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(I n-State) : $500 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV, ENGT, HLTAD , RAD 

01 Dir ector Hr. Alan R. Campbell 

03 Assistant Director Hr. Raymond L. Thibodeau 

10 Business Manager • Hr. Richard D. Drinkvater 

00 Librarian Ms. Jeanne H. Goodness 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Nathaniel J. Cco«ley Jr. 

55 Director-Evening Division «• Hr. Herbert L. Fovle Jr. 

66 Director-Practical Nursing..... Mrs. Joan Pederson 


NASSON COLLEGE 

Main Street. Springvale 04083 Congressional District: " 

County: York FICE Identification: 002045 

Telephone (207) 324-5340 Entity Number: 1 -0 1 -021-91 27-A 1 

Established 1909 Coed 

Enrollment: 615 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $4,000 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: EH , , 

01 President , Dt. Edgar 8. Schick 

06 Registrar .............. He. Nilliam B. Hoag 

32 Dean of Students Hr. James J. McLaughlin 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Richard J. Lolatte 

08 Librarian Hr. Robert J. Berkley 

10 Controller Hrs. Margaret H. Sevigny 

03 Executive Vice President Hr. Elmer J. Roth 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. William F. Lawrence 

NORTHERN MAINE VOCATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 
33 Edgesont Drive, Presque Isle 04769 

congressional District: 2 
county: Aroostook FICE identification: 005760 

Telephone (207) 769-2461 Entity Number: 1- 01-600-000 1-C2 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,096 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) , $545 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: EV , „ 

01 Director * ••• * ■#•<•■•••#•« « #•••■•••••••«•••■ • Richard K* 

05 Assistant Director James C. Patterson 

06 Dean of Students - Edvard E. Hendrickson 

10 Business Manager D | n * E * 

51 Dean of Adult Education Seth K. Gilman n 


HUSSON COLLEGB 

1 College Circle, Bangor 04401 Congressional District: 2 
County* Penobscot PICE Identifications 002043 
Telephone (207) 947-1121 Entity Number: 1-01 -027-1 210-A1 
Established 1898 j 

Enrollment: 1,300 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,4J5 
Control: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 
Highest Offering: Master's 


♦PORTLAND SCHOOL OF ART 

97 Spring Street, Portland 04101 congressional District: 1 
County: Cumberland FICI Identification: 011673 

Telephone (207) 775-3052 Entity Number: 1-0 1 -021-6656- A^ 

Established 1882 t 

Enrollment: 231 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $2,650 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 



QilSi 


166 


Highest offering: » oc 5 tear Baccalaureate 
Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ART 

01 Director Hr. William C. Collins 

06 Registrar..... flrs. Eudolia 1. Gross 

06 Librarian....... Mrs. Joanne Vaxaan 

37 Financial Aids Officer Ms. Judith Higgins 

04 Assistant Directcc tr. Mar A. Andrevs 

10 Chief Business Officer......... Hr. Arthur W. Blanck 

26 chief Public Relations Officer Ms. Leslie J. Anderson 


SAINT JOSEPH'S COLLEGE 


North Windham 04062 Congressional District: 1 

County: Cuaberland FICE Identification: 002051 

Telephone (207) 692-6766 Entity Number: 1-01-021-2542-A1 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 455 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,975 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Seoester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 

P rofessiona 1 
Accreditation: EH, HUR 

0 1 President Dr. Anthony R. Santoro 

05 Dean Sr. H. Colores Sablone 

04 Assistant to President Mr. Edvard L. HcHonagle 

10 Treasurer Sr. Mary Cook 

30 Director of Developaent Sr. Joyce Mahany 

06 Registrar Sr. M. Aline Cyr 

08 Director of the library Sr. Fleurette Kenncn 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Richard W. Bailey 

07 Director of Adnissions Hr. Frederic V. Stone 

29 Director of Aiuani Mrs. Mary l. Pelletier 

66 Director of Nursing Sr. H. Consuela White 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Kevin P. Gallagher 

27 Director Information Office Hr. Richard Simonds 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Michael P. Beaudoin 


SOUTHERN MAINE VOCATIONAL AND TECHNICAL INSTITOTS 

Fort Road, South Portland 04106 Congressional District: 1 

County: Cuaberland FICE Identification: 005525 

Telephone (207) 7S9-7303 Entity Number: 1-01-600-0001-C7 

Established 1946 Coe( j 

Enrolloent; 1,466 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $500 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering:' 2 -But-less Than 4 years 
Prog ran: Terninal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-fear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Acer editatioc: EV, HSTHT 

Director. Wayne H. Boss 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. william C. Warren 

10 Business Officer..., Richard L. Cooper 

32 Dean of Students Joseph r. Decourcey 

of Admissions -Robert A. Weinont 

55 Adult Education Director Josiah H. Staples 


THOMAS COLLEGE 


West River Road, Waterville 04901 Congressional District: 1 
County: Kennebec FICE identification: 002052 

Telephone (207) 673- O 771 Entity Number: 1-01-026-3385-A1 

Established 1B94 Coed 

Enrollment: 905 Undergraduate TuitioD and Pees: 13,560 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Senpeter 

Highest Offering: Master's tester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Teacher 
preparatory; Professicnal 
Accreditation: EH 

°l «■ «. »»». 

10 ; c r - 

37 Director of Financial Aid nr ] J* 


UNITY COLLEGE 


ciUS I "nldf‘ 4 ' Unlt ' 0 " 9SB Congressional District! 

Enrolloent: 652 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3^57! 

.ontrol: Independent Nonprofit 

ighest Offering: 4 or 5 tear Baccalaureate 1 

7 °and D GeneraJ nal OCCUpational Belo >' Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 


Accreditation: EH 

01 President 

10 Business Manager 

04 Vice President 

05 Dean of the College 

06 Registrar 

08 Librarian 

37 Director Student Financial Aid 

32 Dean of Student Services 

38 Chrmn Motivational Resources.. 

49 chairaan Arts and Humanities.. 
65 Chrmn Environmental Sciences.. 
70 Chrmn Soc 5 Behavorial Science 
57 Chairaan Visual studies 


Dr. Ralph Conant 

. .. . Hr. Steven Morrell 
. ... Mr. Richard Beeson 
Dr. Louis V. Wilcox Jr. 
. Hrs. Rosemary Roberto 
. Hs. Dorothy W. Quimby 
... Hrs. Margaret Vienn 

Hr. John Itubino 

Mr. James Horan 

... Dr. Donald Hortland 

Hr. Kevin Curry 

Dr. David Purdy 

. .. Dr. Jonathan Taylor 


UNIVERSITY OF MAINE 


♦CENTRAL OFPICE 


107 Maine Avenue, Bangor 04401 Congressional District; 2 

County: Penobscot FICE Identification: 008012 

Telephone (20T) 947-0336 Entity Number: 1-01 -600-0769-A7 

01 Chancellor Mr. Patrick E. McCarthy 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Robert B. Binswantjor 

10 Vice Chancellor Administration Mr. William J. Sullivan 

04 Associate Vice Chancellor Dr. Mary Ann Haau 

15 Assoc Vice Chanc Employee Rel Mr. Samuel j. D'Amico 

45 Controller Mr. B. Russell Smith 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MAINE AT AUGUSTA 

University Heights, Augusta 04330 Congressional District: 1 
County: Kennebec FICE Identification; 006760 

Telephone (207) 622-7131 Entity Number: 1 -01 -600-0769- VI 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,409 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-S ta te) ; $950 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor's; 2-Yoar 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, MLTAD 

02 Acting President Dr. Hilton Povnr 

05 Acting Dean Academic Affairs Dr. .1. Terry Plunkett 

32 Dean Student-Community Service Dr. Roger Enkinii 

10 Dir of Administrative Services Mr. Clifford II. Went 

06 Asst Dean Admissions 6 Records Mrs. Mary E. Randall 

08 college Librarian Mr. Donald C. Bcodoclck 

45 Dir Acad Plan-Instnl Research Vacant 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. William C. Bradley 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MAINE AT FARMINGTON 

Farmington 04938 Congressional District: 2 

County: Franklin FICE Identification: 002040 

Telephone (207) 778-3501 Entity Number: 1 -0 1 -60 1-2« 53-A 1 

Established 1864 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,959 

„ „ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $975 

control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor' o; Liberal Attn 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditations EH, TED 

02 President.. D r. Einac A. Olson 

*? ade “ ic Vi f e PresldQnt Dr. Theodore Emery 

10 Vice Pres Fin 6 Administration Mr. Roger G. Spear 

07 Director of Adaissions Mr. Joseph A. McLaughlin 

06 Registrar » r . Ted Atkinson 

j nr * John p * Burnhan 

26 Dir Public information Mr. Donald A. Waterhouse 

11 ™ n clal Aid Director Hr. Ronald Millikan 

of t Placement „ r . Stanley Ferguson 

ll °* f upport Services Mr. Richard Smith 

ia student Counseling Ha. Sharon Sommer 

It f «“F? S Securit y Mr. Stanley Houston 

5? Ee»n m«£i? lu 5 ni ? elations -- Ms. Arne Mullen 

I ;® a n Vf la ien . C ? and Hath »*■ Martin 

57 5*™ of ? d ? Cati ° "•••••• Mr. Ross Feacon 

45 rtf,? and Humanities Mr. Gvilym Roberts 

«5 Chief Planning Officer Dr . William Seller 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MAINE AT FORT KENT 


Pleasant Street, Fort Kent 04743 
County: Aroostook 
Telephone (207) 834-3162 
Established 1878 
Enrollment: 578 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $960 


congressional District: 2 
PICE Identification: 002041 
Entity Number: 1 -01-600-0769-A5 
. Coed 



_ 167 MARYLAND 


Control: state 
Highest ofEexi 
Program: Ter mi 
and General 
Accreditation: 
02 President.... 
05 Executive Daa 
32 Dean of S tude 
10 Business Offi 
0 6 Beg istrar . . .. 
00 Director of t 

36 Director Plac 
07 Director of A 

37 Director of F 


Seoester 

ng: 4 cr 5 Year Baccalaureate 

nal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
; Teacher Preparatory 
EH 

or. Richard J. Spath 

n. Dr. Roland A. Burns 

nt Affairs Dr. T. Franklin Grady 

cer Mrs. Lucille M. Pelletier 

nr. Donald H. Raymond 

he library Hr. Marcel pittet 

ement Services Mr. Hubert J. Thibodeau 

amissions Ms. Glenys H. Saywacd 

inancial Aid Mr. John D. Ritchie 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MAINE AT MACHIAS 

Hachias 04654 Congr 

County: Washington FICE Id 

Telephone (207) 255-3313 Entity Numb 

Established 1909 
Enrollment : 729 

Undergraduate Tuition and 

Control: State 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureat 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher 
Accreditation: EH 

02 President D 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs 

10 Business Manager.... Mr. 

06 Registrar. 

32 Vice President student Affairs.. Mr. 

0(1 Librarian 

07 Director of Admissions 

51 Director Special Programs 


essional District; 2 
entificaticn: 002055 
er: 1 -01 -600-0769-A9 
Coed 

Fees (In-State) ; $970 
Semester 
e 

Preparatory 

r. Arthur S. Buswell 

Vacant 

Gilbert E. larrabee 
Mr. Robert E. Maxell 
Frederic A. Reynolds 
Mr. Elbert 1. Phipps 
Hr. David P. Baldwin 
Vacant 


♦UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MAINE 

96 Falmouth Street, Portland 04103 Congressional District: 1 
County: Cumberland E1CE Identification: 009762 

Telephone (207) 780-414 1 Entity Humber: 1-01 -600-076 9- A 1 

Established 1B7B Coet ‘ 

Enrollment: 3,019 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $1,014 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, BART , LAW, HUB, $v, TED 
02 President Dr. Robert L. Woodbury 

05 Provost.... Dr. Edward J. Kormondy 

04 Exec Assistant to President Mr. William B . Wise 

10 Exec Dir Budget & Institnl Res Mr. Samuel G- Andrews 

00 Exec Dir Employee Relations.... Ms. Beth I. barren 

32 Dean Educational services.... Dr. Gordon S. Bigelow 

13 Dir of Admis 6 Records Mr. John F. Keysor 

30 Coordinator of Development Mr. Walter P. Tridingec 

26 Dir Pub Info and Development Hr. Roger V. Snow 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Bruce S. Johnson 

07 Director of Adnissions Mr. William J. Munsey 

06 Registrar Mr. lawrence E . BrazieL 

08 Librarian Me. Clifton F. Giles Jr. 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. Ira II. Hymoff 

15 Director of Personnel Mrs. Mary A. Ya lour is 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr . Steven Hand 

27 Actg Dir Res Advanced Studies Hr. Stephen P. Simonas 

51 Director Public Service Mr. William G. Mortensen 

71 Assoc Dir Cont Ed 6 Sums Vacant 

61 Dean School of Law Mr. L. Kinvin 

49 Dean College Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Robert J. Hatala 

66 Dean of School of Nursing Dr. Audrey J. Conley 

50 Dean Sch Business & Economics Dr. John W. Day 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Loren W. Downey 


♦ UNIVERSITY OP MAINE AT CRCNO 


Orono 04473 . Congressional District: 2 

County: Penobscot FICE Identification: 002053 

Telephone (207) 561-1110 Entity Number: 1 -01 -600-Q769-A2 

Established 1065 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,574 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $1,110 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General) Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, IADVET, ART, BUS, CIPSY, DA, DH, ENG, 

ENGT , FOR, MUS, SW, TED 

02 President.. Dr. Paul li. Silverman 

05 Actg Vice Pres fer Acad Aff Dr. Frederick E. Hutchinson 

03 Actg Yice Pres Fin S Admir. Dr. John D. Coupe 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Thomas D. Aceto 

27 Actg Vice Pres Res-Pub Serv Er. Bradford A. Hall 

04 Actg Associate to President Dr. James F. Horan 

06 Registrar Mr. John F. Collins 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. James A. Harmon 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Burt ? . Batty 

25 Dir Sponsor Program Division Mr. Philip F. Dufour 

30 Director of Development..... Hr. George II. Baughman 

15 Exec Dir Empl Rel & Instnl Res Mrs. Anita s. Wihry 

26 Director Public information Mr. Leonard N. Harlow 

10 Director Budget Fiscal Service Hr. Alden E. Stuart 

08 University Librarian..... Dr. James C. HacCaapbell 

36 Dir Car Planning and placement.......... Mr. Adrian J. Sevall 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences . • Dr. Karl Webb 

58 Acting Dean of Graduate School Dr. Conn a B. Evans 

47 Dean Life Sci-Agr iculture Dr. Kenneth E. wing 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. W. Stanley Devino 

53 Dean, of Education Dr. Robect A. Cobb 

72 Dean Engineering ana Sciences....... Dr. James L. Clapp 

75 Dean-Bangor Community College Dr. Charles R. HacRoy 


♦UNIVERSITY OP MAINE AT PRESQUE ISLE 


181 Main, Presque Isle 04769 Congressional District: 2 

County: Aroostook FICE Identification: 002033 

Telephone (207) 764-0311 Entity Number: 1- 01-600-0769-A6 

Established 1903 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,408 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $970 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH 

02 President Dr. Stanley F. Salwak 

05 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs. Dr. Richard Cohen 

3 2 Vice Pres of Student Affairs...... ... Dr. Larry L. Hangus 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs........,...-* Mr. Arthur J. Hraz 

C7 Director of Admissions. - Mr. Steven E. Crouse 

06 Registrar Vacant 

08 Dir Library Learning Research.. Dc. Vernon R. Lindquist 

26 Director University Relations.............. Mrs. Ruth R. Mraz 


♦UNIVEPSITY OF NEW ENGLAND 

Biddeford 04005 Congressional District: 1 

County: York FICE Identification: 002050 

Telephone (207) 282-1515 Entity Number: 1 -0 1 -023-3257-M 

Established 1943 

Enrollment: 490 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,29 j 

Control: Independent Nonprofit u-l-4 

Highest Offering: First Professional 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: EH, lOSTEQ 

01 President ............ Mr. Jack S. Ketchum 

05 Vice Pres and Academic Dean Dr. Raymond A. Kenneally 

32 Dean of Student life Dr. Thomas B. Poison 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John R. Ackerman 

00 Dir Admissions N E C 0 H Dr. Lawrence M. Hevth 

06 Registrar Dr. Norman R. Beaupre 

08 Librarian Mrs. Gertrude M. Weir 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. Bernard G. Chretien 

30 Dir of Financial Development.... Vacant 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. William A. Sutton 

45 Vice Pres University Planning Vacant 

04 Dean of N EC 0 M Er. J. Jerry Rodos 

49 Associate Dean Basic Sciences Dr. Gene Yonuschat 


WESTBROOK COLLEGE 

Portland 04103 Congressional District: 1 

County: Cumberland FICE Identification: 002056 

Telephone (207) 797-7261 Entity Number: 1-0 1 -021-1810-A1 

Established 1831 Coed 

Enrollment: 935 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $3,825 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Dachelor'sj Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, DEI 

01 President Dr. Thomas B. Courtice 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Lucy Horror. 

10 Business Manager.. Mr. J. H. Hoods 

04 Director of Development Hr. Kent G- Taylor 

07 Dean of Admissions Ms. Ruth Ann Brooks 

08 Librarian Hiss Marian Agazarian 

06 Registrar Mrs. Reta R. Rumcill 

32 Dean of Students Hs. Jacqueline A, Oliver! 

51 Dir of Continuing Education. ... Dr. Ronald P. Morrison 


ALLEGANY COKKDNITY COLLEGE 

Willow Brook Road, Cumberland 21502 


Congressional District: 6 



168. 


HUB rut HD 


County: Allegany PICE Identification: 002057 

Telephone (301) 724-7700 Entity Number: l-S2-08*J-6757-A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,777 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5583 
Control: Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: N , DA, DH , KLT AC 

01 President...-. Dr. Donald L. Alexander 

05 Dean of Instructional Affairs Cr. Alexander A. Humulock 

10 Director of Business Services nr. Paul E. Habenlein 

26 Public Eolation Technician Hrs. Betty June Dougan 

07 Dir Adaissions-Registration Hr. Jaaes (1. Snider 

1u Director Coiputer center Hr. John Moore 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hrs. Cynthia Harbel 

09 Dean Administrative Services Dr. Roger C. Andersen 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. Jaaes E. Hiller 

51 Assoc Dean of Cont Education Hr. Killian H. Helaick 


A HUE ARUNDEL CCHHUH3TY COLLEGE 

101 College Farkvay, Arnold 21012 Congressional District: 4 
County: Anne Arundel FICE Identification: 002058 

Telephone (301) 667-7100 Entity Nuaber: 1 -52-090-5706 -A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollaent: 7,366 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5600 
Control: State/Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: H, ADHOE 

0 1 President Dr. Thoaas E. Plorestano 

10 Dean of Adaimstiation Hr. Philip L. Clark 

32 Acting Dean of Students Dr. Ednund D. Rozecki 

13 Dean of Instructional Systems Hiss Sally Buxton 

04 A£st to Pres- Develop Elan-Res Hr. William H. Busman 

08 Librarian..., Hr. Harry l. Foster 

07 Dir of Adwis 6 Actg Registrar Hr. Herbert H. Curkin 

14 Director Coiputei Center Hr. Wayne H. watts 

15 Director of Personnel Ms. wanda P. Ross 

26 Coordinator Public Relations Hr. Daniel Walsh 

36 coordinator Student Placenent Hr. Alfred Blackstone 

37 Director Financial Aid Hr. Robert 0. Peltar 

75 Dean of Tech 6 Car Education Hr. John D. Palmer 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Leon F. Sagan 

51 Dean of City S Ext Services Dr. Jaaes H. Britt 

B ALTIH OP.E HEBREW COIIEGB 

5800 Park Heights Avenue, Baltiacce 21215 

_ , Congressional District: 7 

County: Independent City FICE Identification: 002060 

E^tabl° n h j 3 1919 Uf6 ' 79 °° Entity Number: 1- £2-605-721 9- A1 

Enrollment: 190 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 1850 

Control: Independent Nonprofit c..-,... 

Highest Offering: Waster's seaester 

Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: H r ' 

01 President , 

;; 

SS u- ii-i;;: sS 

51 Dean Inst Continuing Education Dr. SillSl 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Cr. RoUrtT FreeS 

BOWIE STATE COILEGE 

Jericho Pack Road, Bowie 20715 Congressional District- 5 

asKH Cr** 

Enrollaent: 2, 879 Coed 

control . «... •"* 8*es (In-State) t .895 

Highest offering; Hester's Seaester 

Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M, SW, TED v cy 

01 President.....,., , 

05 Vice Pres for Acade.ic 

10 Vice Pres Bus 6 Finan Affairs Hr. Leonard LLk 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr SXiSEi 

45 vice Pres Planning-Developaent Sr.‘ William Sv 

0? Director of Admissions ... by 

08 Director of the library... ‘cGnJtnpv H Hl i son 

06 Registrar ?\ u F tn * y H - Funn 

30 Dir Develop s Alumni Af Uizs. V. W.'. \ \ \\ .. ’ nj: ca5id*, d *2}2? 
27 lss . to P«s Pnt intonation „r. 


37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Donald L. Kiah 

38 Director of Counseling Hr. Clemmie Solonon 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placenent Hrs. Hary G. Johnson 

15 Director of Personnel * Hr. Alvin Tilghaan 

14 Director of Computer center Hr. Ivan R. Barnes 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Ronald J. Perrote 

58 Dean of Graduate College Dr. Harold V. HcAbee 

51 Dir Ctr Educ Techn and Coaraun Dr. Ida G. Brandon 


CAPIT01 INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

10335 Kensington Parkway, Kensington 20795 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Hontgomery PICE Identification: 001436 

Telephone (301) 933-3300 Entity Number: 1 -52 -000-5606- M 

Established 1932 Coed 

Enrollaent: 681 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,3 T 6 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quartet 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 
Accreditation: H, ENGT 

01 President Dr. G. William Troxlar 

03 Director of Administration Derrick Veenstra 

05 Academic Dean Earl E. Gottenan 

10 Bursar Kathleen O'Donnell 

06 Registrar Elizabeth F. Garner 

08 Librarian Patricia II. Kissinger 

30 Development Officer Dr. II. Judith Jarrell 

04 Assistant to President Jacquelyn K. Enright 

CATONSVILLE COHHUNITY COLLEGE 

800 South Rolling Road, Catonsville 21220 

Congressional District; 6 
County: Baltimore FICE Identification: 002063 

Telephone (301) 455-6050 Entity Number: 1 -52- 600-0006-A 1 

Established 1956 C oed 

Enrollment: 11,111 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- Sta te) : $340 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than « Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: K, FUSER 

01 President Dr. John M. Kingsnore 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. James J. Links* 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Robert c. Keys 

10 Dean of Administration Vincent R. Colelanne 

45 Planning 6 Development Officer..... James L. Oates 

04 Assistant to the President Gary L. Keady 

08 Actg Director Library Services Suzanne K. Hill 

26 Director Information Services Martha Q. Lambert 

06 Dir Student Services System Mariano A. Gonzalez 

14 Director Computer Services Dr. Wallace C. Knapp 

09 Coord Institutional Research Dr. Robert, c. Lynch 

07 Actg Coordinator Admissions Judith P. Snyder 

37 Coordinator Financial Aids Charles A. Boudreau 

25 Dir Human-Fiscal Resrc Develop Dr. Philip H. Single 

27 coordinator Community Services. Frances L. Mickel 

29 chrprsn Stdnt emty Activities Dr. Glen A. chambers 

1* u 00 J d J:? ato f pers onnel Steve 0. Pillsbury 

11 P 1 * 1 ®* 00 Care9E Programs < P. Michael Carey 

vi at F* t0C Northwest Center Dr. Anthony P. Maomarella 

71 Coordinator Special Programs William II. Philipp Jr. 

CECIL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1000 North East Road, North East 21901 

Countv- ceri 1 Congressional District: 1 

ty ’ .lit.. PICE Identification: 000308 

Established 3 1968 207 ' 6O6 ° Entity Number: 1 -52-090-8B63-A1 

Enrollment: 1,169 CoQa 

Control: State/Loca^ 9radU3te a " d '•■■(X-Statj, J «75 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 

nri!!!ii Te ^ inal ? ccu P at -*onal Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M 

i 1 : : ; : : : : : : ‘ ■ KEUssNEii 

10 Director B:S:LrrJx:&:::::: : :: ; .!!: .! c r a S^ till* 

Mrs. Hary T. Johnson 

CHARLES COUNTY COMMUNITY COILEGE 

Box 910, La Plata 20646 Congressional District: 



169 


JJ^K/LAWD 


F 1 CE Identification: 002064 
Entity Number: 1- 52-004- G273-A 1 

Coed 


County: Charles 
Telephone (301) 936-2251 
Established 1958 
En rollment: 3, 775 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) • $510 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years ' !1 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


01 

Accreditation: M, PNUR 


05 



10 

Treasurer 


30 

Assoc Dean of Aduinv Services 


32 

Assoc Dean Stdnt pers Service 


14 

06 

Director of Data Processing 

Recorder. 



07 Director of Admissions n C£ V ora Warren 

V, ^ earch «*. ^rc s. Goldstein 

37 Financial Aio Officer Hr. Chad Norcross 

08 Assoc Dean Lrng Resrc Center Mrs. 0 . Elalne Byan 

15 Personnel Off icer.... .. Hr. p ran ^ M „ dd 

65 Director Biological Sciences Dr. D(3lva Je nsen 

68 Dir Phy Ed-Rocreation-llealth Dr. William Close 

49 Director of Humanities - j,r. William Klink 

7 0 Director of Social Sciences nr jnck 

54 Director of Physical Sciences Hr. Stephen Maxwell 

72 Dir Pollution Abatement Techn Hr. William Engel 

CHESAPEAKE COLLEGE 

Wye Hills 2 1 67 S Congressional District: 1 

County: Queen Annes FICE Identification: 004650 

Telephone (301) 022-5400 Entity Number: 1-S2-0B2-472Q-A1 

Established 1965 
Enrollment: 1,631 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1489 
Control: Stato/Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Yoars 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: H, MLTAC 

J' President.. Dr * Robert c. Schlelgor 

aa “? an ,^ d ® in ^ stEa tive Services.... Dr. Harold D. dopp Jr. 

06 Dir Admissicns E Registration........ Hr. Murray K. Hoy 

32 Dean Stdnt Pers Services Hr. William A. Seth 

08 Supervisor learning Resources He. non Sullivan 

Ef cc f tor oi Piuancxa-l Aid Miss Jane chalaers 

j 6 Dir Career Planning-Placement Mr. George E. Barnett 

41 :**•** Hrs. Ruth Ann Walls 

^°° rd Continuing Education..... Mr. Fred McNeil 

72 Dean Curricula G Inatrl Serv Hr. John Mayer 

COLLEGE OF NOT EE DAHE OF MARYLAND 

4701 N Charles Street, Daltiraore 21210 

...... , Congressional District: 3 

county: Independent City FICE Identification: 002065 

Telephone (301) 435-01C0 Entity Number: 1-52-059-1641-A1 

Established 1873 Women 

1/140 Undergraduate Tuition and Feos: 13,150 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semoster 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: H 


01 

President.. 


05 



10 

chief Financial officer 


06 

Reg istrar .. 


07 

Dean of Admissions 


36 

Dir Placement Services 


32 



30 

27 

Director of Development.. 

Director Public Relations 


04 

Assistant to the President...... 



COLUMBIA UNION COLLEGE 

Takoaa Park 20012 Congressional District: 5 

county: Montgomery FICE Identification: 002067 

Telephone (301) 270-9200 Entity Number: 1- 52-064-3520-A1 

Established 1904 Coed 

8flJ( Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: J3,614 

Affiliation: Seventh-Day Adventists Semester 

Highest Offering* 0 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M, nltad, ht, mus, nur, rsth 

: Dr* William A. Loveless 

05 Acad Dean-Regstr-Dir Admis...., Mr. Joseph E. Gurubathaa 

no Nana 8 er.. nr. Lawrence R. show 

» J '^ C 4 r * a I! Nias Margaret J. Von Hake 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Ernest W. Waring 


” SJSSJ .^srass:::::::: ::::::: !E: IJK^ks 

COMMUNITY COLLEGE OF BALTIMORE 

2901 Liberty Haights Ave, Baltimore 2 1215 

County: Independent City FTC Ida n ti f ica t ianf'oo^Oft 1 

EsUbllShed igi.7 Entity Number: 1 -52-600-0769-AS 

Enrollment: 0,270 Coei 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (in -State! • S979 
Control: Local ’ 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Yc-ars 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M, ADNUR, DA, DEI , DT, MKT, PTAA, RSTI! 

01 President Dr. nafaai i 

50 lice Pre S S f dnt ktt Dt • Raymond Bowen 

32° !.« S^tiSSS-fTf 

05 Deam t nf V t CG f reS At,ainV SerV »c. Marvin Davis 

05 Dean of Faculty 6 Provost . Dr. p, Rodney Fi^ld- 

04 Exec Assistant to President.. .!. . I . . Mr. ClacoScI Blo^t 

45 Dean 1 ^ tit n ti °? al Research Me* Robert Pedersen 

45 Dean Plan Develop G Cooaun . . . Mr. Herman E. Westerberg 

OB Sirecf-Sr 8 ?^ Dave l°P*en t Dc. Phyllis Della Vecchia 

05 Registrar 7 Hr3a " och 

0? '^ 4 ”::: limy. !*Mr? r cu^ce UicK 

51 Dean of Continuing 1 ?!^!;; ! .‘I ! ! I *. II *. I*. " l!*. * ^r^cShon 

71 Assoc Dean of Cont Education Hr. Joseph culotta 

do ?! n° an £ 0r “oaitb Sciences . . Dr. Lois c. carleton 

72 A.JSQC Dean Technical Studies........... Dr. CvrilBvron 

So HTt Sean 5°" Dr * **i«=l,ard Eldridge 

50 Asst Dean for Business Hr lark ph«<Jh 

70 Asst Dean for Social Sciences. ............. Hr”. Hayes Larkina 

68 Diroctor Ph, S lc.l Bfac.tio. ” TI 1 1 ! ! ! ! . 5i . 3J"?y ?h LpJ I 

C0PPIN STATE COLLEGE 

2500 West North Avenue, Baltimore 21216 

County: independent city FICE^dontifiSlt ion: tl 00206Q 

Established^goo 303 " 4500 Eotit * Huaher: 1 -52-600-2031-B5 

Enrollment: 2,825 CoQd 

control: state Un(l0t 9 »^at e Tuition and Poos (In-State) ; 1875 
Highest Offering: Master's Semester 

*6c?3;i a tS"i > 55?, a SJ, 0 ?r» t “ l T "" ch ‘" 

« “ S= 

ll KSSJ 

09 Dir Institutional Research _ . Hrs 'itanhanin I Brnwn 

45 Chief Planning Officer 111. .* *. Ns^UcLy 'slot s 

3 2 6 s“fj; b ;i°„f 8utio f s ° ftic « ;j k rs; ; 

« SSSS a ESSSi:::::::::::::::: 

56 Dean Ext G Experimental stdies *Dr *Elinor Santor 

?; si « di « :::: n. I mSS;: » ll 

66 Dean of Nursing . Dr. Dorothea W. Puckett 

DE SALES HALL SCHOOL OP THEOLOGY 

5001 Eastern Avenue, llyattsville 207G2 

rn „. tu . Congressional District: 5 

ssass.WM”*""" ••“"'Siffi'n 

catholic «“»«««*. ... Pe...°So 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Unde rgraauatea 
Program: Prof assioual 
Accreditation: N, TJIE0L 

10 Treasurer .i .....’ I " “'j. 11 ll fZ 9 l 1 

3° Development Officer * ■ - , . * ^ .iota i* 





170 


DUNDALK CQHHUN ITY COLLEGE 

7200 Sollers Point Road, Baltimore 21222 

■Congressional District: 2 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 009935 

Telephone (301) 282-6700 Entity Number: 1 -E2-600-0886-A4 

Established 19 70 Coed 

Enrollaant: 2,296 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $490 
Control: Local 4-1-« 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: B 

01 President... Dr. John E. Ravekes 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr- John F. Garmon 

ID Business officer Hr. Williaa B. Shadrach 

32 Dean Stdnt Aff and Col Secv Dr. Betty c. Howard 

08 Dir Learning Resources Canter.. Hr. Walker Jung 

26 Director of Public Relations Ms. Kathleen rt. Kneeland 

37 Director of Financial Aid........ Mr. Edgar W. Hiller 

06 Coord Records and Registrar...... fts. Erma H. Harron 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Michael Galiazzo 

09 Dir Institutional Research' Dr. Koosappa Rajasekhara 

15 Director Personnel Services Hr. John D. Schiavone 

38 Chairperson Counseling-Reading Hr. John 0. Hamilton 

50 Chairperson Business-Industry Mr. Francis 0. Polk 

51 Dir continuing Education Ms. Nona S. Tucker 

57 Chairperson Humanities 6 Arts Mr. Robert N. Boll 

65 chairperson Hat h-Science. Mr. Robert A. Folkart 

68 Chcprsn Hlth-Phy Education.. „ Hr. Donald w. Keller 

70 Chairperson Social Science Dr. James P. Bruns 

75 Director Career Programs Mr. John V. Gillespie Jr. 

EASTERH CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

P. o. Box 629, Bel Air 21014 Congressional District: t 

County: Harford PICE Identif ication: 029192 

Telephone (301) 734-7727 Entity Number: 1-52-071-0783-A1 

Established 1960 Coe3 

Enrollnent: 55 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $920 

Affiliation: Church of Christ (Scientist) Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President....... Mr. Jeffrey E. Bullock 

05 Dean of the College «c. Terry L. Silence 

nT I Mrs. Lois Harris 

coordinator of Adnissions Hr. Richard Anderson 

^ ib f arlan - Hr. Thomas Joseph 

10 Business Manager Mr. Milton Mitchell 

ESSEX COMMUNITY COLIEGE 

Baltiaore County 21237 Congressional District: 2 

County: Baltiacre FICE Identification: 00207D 

Telephone (301) 682-6000 Entity Nunber: 1-52-600-0886-A2 

Established 1957 
Enrollnent: 9,371 

„ . , . , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : $490 

Control: local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa; Terminal Occupational aelow Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 

m A p C 3 e ^ ta f ionr ADH0E ' ,ADVET ' APCf, » da, hltad, rad 

if S -2 'I ;; - ir ^ *o2 sr5rH2Si 

30 Development Officer Dr j ORPnh 

51 Actg Assoc Dean Cont Education Dr^Jcseph F. Testa 

FREDERICK COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

7932 Opossuatown Pike, Frederick 21701 

County: Frederick FlC^n^St^' ^ 0^71 

SSfiSsSed ?957 694 ‘ 1229 EntltS HUBb0Ei 1 - 5 2-fl7«-3590-A1 

Enrollment: 1,010 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-state) : $500 

uunt IOI. j-ocai Sf5n#5at-AT* 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog raa: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor* s Creditable 
Accreditation: H, DA 

32 Director of Student Services Mr*. Jester R. Kane? 

05 Dean Instructional Services..... cr. Bill V. Rodgers 


07 Director of Admissions Mr. James M, Holton 

08 Dir Learning Resources Center Mr. Edward I. Campbell 

09 Dir Institutional Research Me. Matthew C. Kelly 

36 Director of Student placement Mrs. Patricia A. McGee 

45 Dean Instnl Development Mr. Jon H. Larson 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Mr. Terry L. Mauzy 

55 Director of Evening Division Hr. Leroy J. Frazier 

FROSTBURG STATE COLLEGE 

East college Avenue, Frosthurg 21532 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Allegany FICE Identification: 002072 

Telephone (301) 609-4000 Entity Number: 1-52-600-2033-A5 

Established 1098 Coei j 

Enrollment; 3,612 

Undergraduate Tuition and Feas(In-State) : *940 
control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: H, TED 

01 President Dr. Nelson P. Guild 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Kenneth Jablon 

04 Assistant to the President Hr. Lawrence J. Dark 

10 Vice Pres Bus 6 Finan Affairs Mr. Paul W. Cairl 

06 Registrar Mr. Thomas A. ailget 

00 Director of Libraries Mr. John J. Zimmerman 

07 Dean Adnis-Dir Summer School Mr. David L. Sanford 

37 Dir Finan Aida-Stdnt Enplymnt Mrs. Katherine M. Kutler 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Rena G. Atkinson 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Alice R. Nanlcur 

38 Assoc Dean-Student Development Hr. John Lowe 

09 Dir Instnl Res 6 Planning Dr. Thomas M. Edvards 

30 Director of Development Mr. Ronald A. Fautz 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Paul R. lyons 

GARRETT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Mosser Road, McHenry 21541 Congressional District: 6 

County: Garrett PICE Identification: 010014 

Telephone (301) 367-6666 Entity Number: 1-52-090-6659-A1 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 666 

Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees (In-State) : *360 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M, IADVE1 

01 President Dr . Donald l. Ruhl 

05 Chief Academic Officer Mr. Robert L. Trantha* 

10 Director of Business Services Mr. Goble Jessup 

08 Acting librarian Mr. Thomas K. Whitaker 

06 Registrar Mrs. Delores Edgar 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. William P. Ewing 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Jan H. Janssen 

51 Director Continuing Education Mr. Lowell E. Bender 

GOUCUBR COLLEGE 

Towson 21204 Congressional District: 2 

county; Baltimore FICE Identification: 002073 

Telephone (301) 825-3300 Entity Number: 1 - 52 - 0 59 - 1 6 1 3 - A 1 

Established 1885 Women 

Enrollment: 989 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,765 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M 

31 PresifleDt Dr. Rhoda M . Dorsey 

3 ean ": Dr. Janes Billet 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Julie Collier-Adams 

30 Vice Pres Develop-Pub Relation Mrs. Patricia Purcell 

10 Vice Pres for Finan Affairs Mr. Richard R. Palmer 

07 Director of Admissions......... Miss Barbara Boerner 

So ffjistrar Mrs. Evelyn D. Schroedl 

33 7, rarian Be. Sarah D. Jones 

29 Alumnae Director Mrs. Nancy H. Wagner 

36 Director of Career Development. Dr. Edward P. Duggan 

27 Dir of Public Relations Ms. Susan l. Hartt 

14 Director of Computing center Miss Patricia Powers 

37 Director of Financial Aid Miss Judith J. Hunakec 

HAGERSTOWN JUNIOR COLLEGE 

751 Robinvood Drive, Hagerstown 21740 


County: Washington 
Telephone (301) 790-2800 
Established 1946 
Enrollment: 2,141 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $578 


Congressional District: 6 
FICE identification: 002074 
Entity Number: 1 -52-094 -5289- A1 

Coed 



171 


MArXLAHr 


Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Teroinal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; M, RAD 

01 President Dr. Atlee C. Kepler 

05 Dean of Instructional Affairs Er. Michael II. Parsons 

10 Comptroller Mr. Arthur G. Barnhart 

45 Facilities Planner Mr. Ralph F. Schmidt 

32 Dean of Student Affairs...,. Dr. Caul J. Galligan 

06 Dir Admissions and Registrar Dr. (lax E. Creager 

27 Director of Public Information Hiss Charity 1. Myerly 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Hr. John S. Clatterbaugh 

14 Director Information Systems Mr. Carl P. McCormick 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. Marie E. Howakovski 

51 Dean of Community Services cr. Frederick F. Otto 


HARFORD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


401 Thomas Run Road, Bel Air 21014 Congressional District: 1 
County: Harford F2CE Identification: 002075 

Telephone (301) 636-4000 Entity Number: 1- 52-09 1-2842-A1 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,973 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $510 
Control: Local ' 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M, ADNUR, HT 

01 President Dr. Alfred c. O'Connell 

05 Dean of the College.., Dr. Michael T. Murphy 

15 Director of Personnel Dr. Edward C. Kuhl Jr. 

10 Dean Administrative Services Mr. James O, Allison 

27 Coord Community Relations Mr. Carl E. Henderson 

30 Dir Institutional Development Dr. Paul G. Yorkis 

09 Coora Development-Research Hr. John W. Quinley 

14 Director Computer Services. Mr. Robert L. Slawson 

06 Director student Services Hr. Ralph H. Jordan Jr. 

07 Coordinator for Admissions Ms. Diane c. Lane 

37 Coordinator Financial Aid Mrs. Mildred A. cheek 

00 Dir Instrl Resource Services Mr. Norman E. Tracy Jr. 

36 Assoc Dean Human Development Dr. Janes P. Nurtha 

75 Associate Dean Career Studies.... Dr. Ronald P. Upperaan 

51 Assoc Dean Cont Education... Dr. James F. La Calle 

71 Dir Adult Develop Education Mr. Walter J. Yurek 

53 Dir Adult General Education Hrs. Lillian K. Butkievicz 

7 2 Dir Adult Occup Education..... Dr. Dale D. Rhodes 

57 Assoc Dean Humanistic Studies Mr. Honor H. Morris 

49 Assoc Dean Scientific Studies Mr. Wayne H. Itousum 

6B Assoc Dean H P E R -athletics Hr. John P. Haggerty Jr. 


, 05 
10 
32 
09 
26 
08 
07 
06 

14 

15 
37 
51 


Acting Dean of Instruction... 
Dean Administrative Services. 

Dean of Student Services 

Dir of Res Plan and Funding.. 
Dir of Comnunity Information. 
Dir Learning Resources Center. 

Director of Admissions 

Acting Registrar 

Director of Computer Center... 
Pers-Afficm Action Officer.... 
Coord Veteran Aff-Finan Aid.. 
Director Community Education. 


Dr. Roland J. chapdelaine 
.. Mr. Fredrick E. Nunley 
..... Mr. Walt G. Bumphus 
. Dr. Laurence A. Nespoli 

Ms. Bn nay C. Leff 

Dr. Peter Ku 

... Ms. Panels M. Cornell 
.. Ms. Maureen F . Hoeppel 

Hr. Allen W. Heap 

Mr. Douglas Hishart 

... Mr. Fichard L. Waters 
... Ms. Helen 0. Mitchell 


JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY 


Charles 6 34th Streets, Baltimore 21216 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Independent City PICE Identification: 002077 

Telephone (301) 338-8000 Entity Number: 1 -52-059-S1 10- A1 

Established 1876 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,501 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,075 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Progran: Terminal Occupational Eelow Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory: Professional 
Accreditation: H, CYTO, ENG, HID, NHT, PH, HTT 

0 1' President. Dr. Steven Muller 

03 Provost Dr. Richard ?. Longa kor 

05 Vica President for Medicine Dr. Richard S. Ross 

30 Vice President Development Mr. Robert J. Haley 

26 Yice President Public Affairs Hr. Ross Jones 

00 Dean of Homewood Faculties Dr. George E. Owen 

10 Vice Pres Finance-Treasurer Mr. Robert C. Bowie 

08 Librarian Mrs. Susan K. Martin 

06 Registrar Mr. Robert E. Cyphers 

32 Associate Dean of the Faculty..... Mr. Joseph S. Hall 

07 Director of Admissions, * Hr. Jerome Schnydman 

37 Director of Financial Aid Miss Susan Broadbent 

36 Director Student Placement... Hrs. Sharon L. Baughan 

29 Director Alumni Relations Mr. Stanley E. Blumberg 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Robert. F. Howes 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Soils James 

15 Dir Personnel Services Mr. Donald J. McEvoy 

38 Dir Advisxhg ana Counseling Hrs. Martha 0. Rosenan 

49 Dean of Fac Arts and Sciences Dr. Sigmund R. suskind 

54 Dean of Fac Engineering Dr. V. David Vandelinde 

55 Dean Eve Col and Summ Session Dr. Roman J. Verhaalen 

58 Dean Adv International Studies Dr. George R. Packard 

63 Dean of Faculty of Medicine Dr. Richard S. Ross 

69 Dean Hygiene and Public Health Dr. Donald A. Henderson 

64 Dir Peabody Institute. Dr. Elliott w. Galkin 

72 Dir App Phys Laboratory. Dr. CarL 0. Bostrom 


HOOD COLLEGE 


Roseoont Avenue, Frederick 21701 Congressional District: 6 
County: Frederick F3CE Identification: 002076 

Telephone (301) 663-3131 Entity Number: 1-52-059-1608-A1 

Established 1093 Women 

Enrollment: 1,775 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $4,060 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M, 3DIET , RAD, 3SW 
01 President.... ' Dr. Martha E. Church 

05 Provost-Dean Academic Affairs Dr, Mary S. Metz 

10 vice Pres for Administration Mr. Joseph Pastore 

32 Dean of student Affairs Ms. E. Susan Kellogg 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. George Itanold 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Diane F. Wilson 

36 Dir of Car Planning-Placement Ms. Daroey Poole 

27 Director of Public Information Ms. Lynn Scheldhauec 

06 Registrar.. .... Hra. Loretta H. Gassier 

0B Librarian Mr. Lloyd Wagner 

30 Vice Pres Develop-Extnl Rel..,., Mr, Robert 0. White 

51 Director Continuing Education. Ms, Dixie J. Miller 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Marvin Farbstein 


HOWARD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Little Patuxent Parkway, Columbia 21044 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Howard FICE Identification: 008175 

Telephone (301) 992-4856 Entity Number: 1-52-090-0106-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,621 

Undergraduate Tuition and Eees (In-State) : 5576 
Control: State/local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Year6 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor' s, creditable 
Accreditation: M, ADNUR 

01 President............. Dr, Alfred J. Smith Jr. 


LOYOLA COLLEGE 

4501 North Charles Street, Baltimore 21210 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Independent city FICE Identification: 002070 

Telephone (301) 323- 101 0 Entity Number: 1-52-059- 1623- A 1 

Established 1852 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,217 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,040 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: H, BOS 

01 President Rev. Joseph A. Sellinger 

05 Academic Vice President....... Dr. Thomas E. Scheye 

09 Asst to Acad Yice President Dr, Randall P. Donaldson 

10 Vice Pres Admin and Finance..... .. Mr. J. Paul Helanson 

19 Director of Security Mr. Ronald Parnell 

30 Vice Pres for Development...,. Mr. Wayne N. Schelle 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs.......... Hr. Joseph A. Yanchik 

07 Director of Admissions. Hrs. Martha E. Gagnon 

08 Librarian.............. Sr. H. Ian Stewart 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Mr. Robert L. O'Neill 

26 Public Relations Director.......... Mrs. Phyllis Dietz 

29 Director Alumni Relations. Mr. Allen M. Barrett 

14 Director Computer Center................. Dr. James D. Rozics 

15 Director Staff Personnel Mrs. Christine Russell 

45 Director Career Pla lining, . . Mrs. Cresan'araC. Sills 

38 Asst Dean-Student Development Hrs. Kathleen Yorkis 

04 Spec Assistant to President Rev. Daniel J. McGuire 

06 Academic Dean................... Dr. Francis J. McGuire 

49 Dean College of Art 6 Science Dr. David Rosvell 

58 Dean Graduate Division. .............. ... . Dc. John A. Gray 

71 Director Resource Management Hr. Robert R, Sadivy 

50 Dean Sch Business-Management..... Dc, John Gray 


MARYLAND COLLEGE OF ART AND DESIGN 


10500 Georgia Avenue, Silver Spring 20902 

Congressional District: ft 



«mu!fc 


ity: Hontgooery FICE Identification: 029116 

i phone (301) 6 49-ii4 Entity Umber: 1-52-091-0571-A1 
. bi ished 19 55 Coed 

illaer.t: 122 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,015 

col: In dependent Hcnpccfit Quarter 

lest Offering: 2 But Less Thar. 4 Tears 
i cub: Tersir.al Occupational Below Eachelor's 
editatioa: 3AET 

ssident Hr. Terrence J. Coffman 

>r- ns. Beatrice Eivas Sanchez 

listrat..... Hr. Deane Nesbitt 

id librarian Ms. Laura Pratt 

:iea Manager Hr. Hare Gudelsky 

iancial Ail officer Ks. Sarah Botariu 


HAST LA ND INSTLI'JIE COLLEGE Q? ART 


I Haunt Royal 

tty: Indeper.de 
>phot;e (301) 6 
itiisfced 1326 
lilaerst: 942 
:roi: indcpend 
test offering: 
I raa : Professi 
recitation: h, 

?£i'!er,t 

;e Pres Auaooa 
-e Pres fee flu 
:e President t 
re pres for 3t 

Jistrar 

»r. Adnis-Cor.ti 

5ta rian 

rector of Stud 
rector of flac 
it of Graduate 


Avenue, Baltioors 21217 

Congressional District: 7 
tt City FICE Identification: 002080 

65-9200 Entity Number: 1-52-059-1661-A1 

Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,750 
ent Hcnprcfit Semester 

.lister • s 
cnal 
A FT 


ic Affairs.... 
sine3S Affairs 
cr Devalopaent 
udent Affairs. 


r-uieg Studies 


Ail 

c . cent 

5 


Hr. Fred Lazarus 

Dr. Theodore E. Klitzke 
... Hr. J. Edward Custy 
. . Hr. Douglas L. Frost 
.... Hr. John B. Sutton 
.... Hs. Ann h. Heather 
.... Hs. Barbara Miller 

Hr. John Stonehao 

. . Hs. Robin H. Kittwer 
. Hr. Michael p. Bailey 
. Dr. Leslie K. Hammond 


H HEY LA 31 E MEDICAL ii E C? EIASIAL SCHOOL 

44 1-449 North Pot oa ac 5t , Hagerstcwn 21740 

r 0URt -. Uari k «n n* r Con gr ess ion a 1 District: 6 

SJatliBfei^gU 7 '" 2670 BntU^UBberJM-^-O^-gSS^ 

Contiol^or-ISi ^ B Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1°£50 
control: Organized as Profit Hakiro « ' T 

Offering: 2 But Less Than ? Years °“ aCter 

Eel0tf Bach6lor ' s 

0’ President 

03 Vice President ’’ J ’ “• «aynard 

06 registrar Richard J. Hajek 

10 Business Officer!'*” Georgia F. Buehlec 

* * Albert Downs 

HOKIGOHESE COLLEGE 
•email OFFICE 

51 Manrakee Street, r.cckville 20850 

County: Montgomery »Tr? n ?a!f! i ?“ al “^strict: 8 

Telephone (301) 2?S- 5000 5 Identl£ ication: 006911 

01 Pcesiiont Entity Umber: 1-52-069-1845-A1 

l>5 Academic vice President Dr * Robert 2. Parilla 

03 Administrative Vice President ! Vacant 

04 Assistant to the President.. i* r ^'t,™ 9 * 1 H> D y kst * a 

45 Dir of Planning 6 Management ! Robert A. Hatson III 

09 Dir institutional Research. . i ii ” * “ ' ‘ „J S * B S?fi en ! H ‘ 

32 Lean Acad and Student Affairs. nJ “ E ' Caa P be11 

10 Director of Finance Dc * Th0Bas «. Haislip 

26 Director Public Information” ” i Jr Ik!!* 0 * 9 ? Davis Jr * 

15 Director of Personnel .. .. 1 „ Th ? Bas D. Kirkland 

14 Director of Data Systems "5* Ha F old «• Hesser Jr. 

51 Dean of Commit? Services *’ flr ‘ char * es g. Beaudoin 

25 Director College Facilities 1 Bc * Hovard s. Geer 

Eugene A. Dueber 

* MONTS OHE8 ? COILESE GE3MASTCVK CAKF0S 
20200 Observation Cr, Germantown 20767 

County: Montgomery r 1 ^ n ?“ ssional District: 8 

Telephone (301) 972-2000 l identification: 029074 

Established 1975 Entity Number: 1-52-089-1845-*) 

Enrollment: 1, 638 Coed 

Control: local UDl3 ' r9raduate Tuition and Fees(in-state) ; $825 
1 !^ 9 ? C3t 0 f fer iK9: 2 But less Than y Years Semester 

* Eachelor's; 2-Year 


Accreditation: M 

02 Chancellor Dr. Stanley H. Dahlaan 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. O. Robert Brown Jr. 

32 Dean of Students Dr. .1. Michael Meade 

06 Director Admissions 6 Records Mr. Kenneth p. Devon 

37 Director Financial Aid Hr. Carl c. Enerick Jr. 

25 Director Campus Facilities Hr. V. Thomas Bonwicfc 

08 Dir Library Learning Resources Dr. Polly A. Proett 

50 Cluster Coord Applied Studies... „ Mr. Frank Hoffstot 

57 Cluster Coord llum-Soc Science Hrs. Marjorie B. Edwards 

49 Cluster coord Science and Math Dr. Robert B. Fried err: 

♦MONTGOMERY COLLEGE ROCKVILLE CAMPUS 
51 Mannakee Street, Rockville 20050 

Congressional District: 0 
County: Montgomery FICE Identification: 0020(12 

Telephone (301) 279-5000 Entity Humber: 1 - 52- 009 - ifl U 5- a i 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,628 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In -State) : $i)2 r > 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: H, ENGT 

02 Chancellor Mr. Paul D. Walker 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Antoinette P. Hastings 

19 Director Security and Safety Mr. Paul B . Duruz 

ec S? an »j £ i St l ldentS Dir * flobett M. Stewart 

no »T Admissions and Records Hr. James D. Dari 

08 Dir Educ Support Services Mr. Rawland K, crooner 

45 Campus Facilities Manager Mr. John D. Blackwell 

c a F ^ na " clal Ald Dr. liormnii L. Gavin 

t? ^ cadeDllc Dean nc. Will in ra H . Benson 

57 Associate Academic Dean g usan K ,im n 

49 Actg Associate Academic Dean.. Mr. Thomas w! F.ihr 

♦MONTGOHERV COLLEGE TAKOMA PARK CAMPUS 

Takoaa Ave and Fenton St, Takoma park 50012 

Congressional District} r > 
TflianhAnl' , IL aaa * ICE MentiCicatiom 002001 

Established 3 19U6 507 " 090 Entity Number: 1 - 52-009- Itiu S- A2 

Enrollment: 3,055 • Coo ' , 

Control: Local U ndergrad ua te Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *025 
Highest' offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

PrinrJ-M^n 1 ? C ? u P ational Eelow Bacheloc's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 

02 ChanJ^r 10 " 5 ADN0R ' ° A ' HLTAD ' 

SI Dr : "• “ a " 

S5 sir "Ehu»:l? So.nS! 

•> ““ 5iSSi“ioS2S;::: :::::::::: ?: ?s u;; «• “j™ 

so Dean a pp sciences i nstitu^ : ; "S. 

MORGAN STATE UNIVERSITY 

Cold Spring La-Hillen Rd, Baltimore 21239 

county: Indeoendent Congressional District: 3 

Telephone (301) 444-320C Fn^•f IC u Iden tif ication: 002083 

Established 1867 lntit * Number: 1 -52-600-2033-00 

Enrollment: 5,012 Coe<5 

Control; state Unaergraduate Tuition and Foes (In-State) : $1,023 

Highest Offering: Doctorate Semester 

Acc?edU a H beCal Arts and General 

•i S"™!.;' eas - s »- m 

05 Vice Pres of Acadpmio" \ Cc ' Billingsley 

10 Vice Pres Finale r LL I Dc * H«t£iet P. Trader 

32 Vice Pres JtUSJ tfil'T™ 1 " Vacant 

30 Vice President Development HC ‘ Washl 2 gto !I x * G ^ e ? n 

«5 Vice President of Planm^ P r - Jsrc y c °l° 

04 Assistant to the Presidpn? Dc * Jo&i Nwagbaraocha 

37 Director of Financial Ala* ft < Brooks 

38 coord of Counseling serJl^»* " CS ' FrancinQ z - Ashby 

08 Director of Lihr^v Servlces Dr. Patricia Hichols 


u » uirector of Library uc * I'atncia Hichols 

06 Dir of Rec and Registration •••• Hc * Georqe c. Grant 

07 Director of Admission* 10n Kr * Houston L. stansburjr 

36 Director of Placement Krs * Chelseia Williams 

15 Director Personnel ServicOO Mr. Jao.es L. Roberts 

29 Director Alumni Assoria t Hr * >1 0,1 B A. Collard 

26 Dir Info Serv s pubu^M “ Hr ’ Lawre nce K . MontgaBOry 

nier Mr. John J. wolf 



173 


MARYLAND 


Dean College Arts 6 Sciences Dr. Talbert 0. Shaw 

50 Dean School Bus 6 Management Dc. Sara fl. Cordery 

53 Dean School of Education Cr. Barbara Jackson 

58 Dean of the Graduate School..... Dr. Clara 3. Adams 

51 Dean of Ctr fcr Cont Education Dr. Beryl W. Williams 

HCUS1 SAINT MARY'S COLLEGE 

Eamitsburg 21727 Congressional District: 6 

County: Frederick FICE Identification: 0020B6 

Telephone (301) 447-6122 Entity Number: 1 - 52-059- 1672- A 1 

Established 10 08 Coed 

Enrollment: 1, 749 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: $3,200 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Piogiau; Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

p rof essional 
Accreditation: M 

01 President Dr. Robert 0. Wickenheisar 

03 Vice president Rev. Vincent P. Malloy 

05 Dean of the College Dr. John W. Campbell 

06 Registrar „ Hr. Guy A. Baker Jr. 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Lawrence J. Riordan 

08 Librarian Vacant 

33 Dean of Students Ms. Mary E. Stein 

30 Dir Develop and Pub Rel.. Hr. Kevin G. Robinson 

10 Treasurer Hr. Leo D. Topper Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Joseph P. Zanella 

36 Director of Career Development Mr. Ronald A. Valenti 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Louis c. Huber 

HER ISRAEL II All El NIC AL COLLEGE 

Mount Wilson Lane, Baltimore 21208 Congressional District: 2 
County: Baltimore FICE Identification: 002007 

Telephone (301) 464-7200 Entity Number: 1 -52-066-0081 -A1 

Established 1933 Man 

Enrollment: 264 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,700 

Affiliation: Jewish Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: RABN 

01 President and Dean Rabbi Jacob I. Ruderman 

05 Dir and Vice President... Rabbi Herman H. Neuterger 

30 Director of Development. Rabbi Louis Hoffman 

07 Director of Admissions Rabbi Hoshe Eisenann 

10 Assoc Director 6 Registrar Hr. Jerome II. Madden 

26 Director Community Relations Rabbi Joseph Schecter 

37 Coord Student Financial Aid Mr. Siacha Baer 

45 Director of Planning Rabbi Abraham Felberg 

58 Dean of Graduate School... Rabbi Jacob S. Weinberg 

53 Director TeacherB Institute Rabbi Leonard Oberstein 


PEABODY INSTITUTE OF JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY 

1 East Mount Verncn Place, Baltimore 21202 

Congceseional District: 7 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 002080 

Telephone (301) 837-0600 Entity Number: 1-52-059-1627-A1 

Established 1057 Coed 

Enrollment: 448 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,575 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: H, HUS 

01 Director Dr. Elliott H. Galkin 

05 Dean..... Hr. Irving Lovens 

10 Business Manager - Hr. Dennis C. Graham 

06 Registrar Ms. Carolynn Q. Hcllnay 

07 Director of Admissions . Mr. Edward J. Heaver 

08 Librarian Mr. Edwin A. Quist 

37 Student Financial Aid Officer...... Mrs. Andrea Driscoll 

PRINCE GEORGES COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

301 Largo Road, Largo 20870 Congressional District: 5 

County: Prince Georges FICE Identification: 002089 

Telephone (301) 336-6000 Entity Number: 1-23-70 1-1 243- A1 

Established 1958 Coed 

Enrollment: 13,477 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $470 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: M, ADNUR, DA, ENGT, MRT, NUT, RSTH, RTT 

01 President.. Dr. Robert I. Bickford 

05 Assistant to the President Mr. Robert Hardwick 

32 Dean of student Affairs Dr. Ernest Leach 

07 Director of Admissions. Dr. Leon Heaver 


10 Dean of Support Services Hr. j. vilson 

38 Director of Counseling Dc. H enry F . Bus * y 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Paul G. Larkir, 

00 Director of Library Services Mrs. L x Nekcitz 

55 Dean Bve-Cmty Instruction Dr. Joseph F. Shields 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Br . Elmer Kuhn 


SAINT JOHN'S COLLEGE 

♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Annapolis 21404 
County: Anne Arundel 
Telephone (301) 263-2371 
01 President 


Congressional District: 4 
PICE Identification: 007957 
Entity Number: 1 -52-059-1421-A1 
Mr. Edwin J. Delattre 


♦SAINT JOHN'S COLLEGE MAIN CAMPUS 

Annapolis 21404 Congressional District: 4 

County: Anna Arundel FICE Identification: 002092 

Telephone (301) 263-2371 Entity Number: 1-52-059-1421-A1 

Established 1784 Coed 

Enrollment: 392 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: H 

01 President Mr. Edwin J. Celatire 

05 Dean Dr. Edvard G. Sparrow 

10 Treasurer Mr. Charles T. Elzey 

06 Registrar Mrs. Nancy Vinter 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Jchn Christensen 

08 Librarian Miss Charlotte Fletcher 

29 Director of College Relations.. Mr. Thomas Parran Jr. 

♦SAINT JOHN'S C0L1EGE AT SANTA FE NEW HEIICO 

Santa Fe, New Mexico 07501 Congressional District: 1 

County: Santa Fe FICE Identification: 002093 

Telephone (505) 982-3691 Entity Number: 1-85-016-2247-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 298 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *5,400 

Control: lndepandent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 Vice Pres and Dir Development Mr. J. Burchenal Ault 

05 Dean Nr. Robert Dart 

10 Treasurer «c. Emery Jennings 

06 Registrar..... Ms. Ellen Gant 

00 Acting Librarian Mr. James Eenefeil 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Stephen Van Luchene 

37 Director Student Financial Aid...... Ms. Marsha Drennon 

71 Director of Graduate Institute Mr. David Starr 


SAINT MARY'S COLLEGE OF MARYLAND 

Saint Mary's City 20686 Congressional District: ‘ 

County: Saint Mary*3 FICE Identification: 0020 

Telephone (301) 994-1600 Entity Humber: 1-52-605-0505- 

Established 1639 Co 

Enrollment: 1,318 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $8 
Control: state Semest 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M 

01 President Dr. James R. Jacks 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Fred 8. Le 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dc. Harmon H. Hayne 

03 Vice Pres for Administration He. John S. Andrew. 

32 Dean of Students.. Dc * Phillip G. Guile) 

26 Director of College Relations.. Mr. Gordon U. Kester 

08 Librarian Dr. John G ‘ 

06 Director of Records Dr. Fent H. Ferris 

09 Dir Institutional Research «••-* Mrs * Mary p. Keste 

10 comptroller Hc ; c * 

15 Director of operations R * „ 

07 Director of Admissions.. Hc * Nicholson Park 

36 Coord of Career Developwent Mr. Harry s ]-e.inv 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. George T. Bachm 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs...... Mrs. Virginia C« Blackisto: 

53 Chrnn Div Hunan Development Dr. John D. Underwot 

57 Actg Chrnn Div of Arts-Letters. . , Dr. H * ch ®* 1 s * 

51 Director Continuing Education.. Dr. David W, Applet 

65 Chrprsn Div of Sci-Hathenatics. ...... ... D '*. 

70 Chrnn Div of Social Science *■ Dr. John {J ‘ 

53 Director of Teacher Education. Dr. Michael L. Bergi 






JAE1JAJI&. 


174 


SAINT MARI'S SEMINA EY AND ONI VERSITY 
540Q Boland Avenue, Baltiaore 21210 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 002096 

Telephone (301) 323-3200 Entity Number: 1-52-060-7959-A1 

Established 17 91 Coed 

Enrollment: 310 DDdergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,925 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Prog ran: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: M , THEOL 

01 President . Rev. Robert F. Leavitt 

05 Vice President-Rector..... Rev. Thonar R. olshafer 

29 Vice Pres tor Aluoni Affairs Rev. Jcbn J. Canfield 

10 University Treasurer Hr. Richard Childs 

06 Registrar Hr. John J. Lennon 

30 Director of Dev elopaent Hr. Robert Smith 

37 Director PiraDcial Aid Hs. Priscilla Gordon 

55 Dean Ecunenical Inst Theology Rev. C. Stephen Hann 

56 Dean of School of Theology Sr. Patricia Smith 


SALI5B0RY STATE COLIEGE 

Salisbury 21601 Congressional District: 1 

County: wiconico FICE Identification: 002091 

Telephone (301) 546-3261 Entity Number: 1-S2-600-2033-D1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 4, 427 

Undergraduate luition and Fees (I n-State) : $755 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: M, MX, sw, TED 

01 President Dr. Thomas A. Bellavance 

05 Vice Pres of Academic Affairs Dr. A. Nayland Page 

03 Executive Vice President Hr. Joseph K. Gilbert 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Carol Williamson 

10 Dir Business-Financial Affairs Hr. Richard Pusey 

07 Director of Admissions....... Hr. H. P. Hinton 

25 Die of Administrative Services Mr. Richard H. lotst 

26- Director of Public Information Mr. L. Wayne Fox 

09 Dir Instnl Res Affirm Actn Off Hs. Linda A. Ross 

06 Registrar Hiss Dorothy L. Powell 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. Raymond A. Shingler 

08 Director of the library Hr. James R. Thrash 

38 Dir of Counseling Services Dr. Robert HcBrien 

33 Director of Placement Mr. Janes C. lackie 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Beverly A. Newnaa 

56 Dir of Continuing Education Dr. Harold O. Schaffer 

SOJOURNER-DODGLAS COLLEGE 

500 North Caroline Street, Baltimore 21205 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Baltiaore PICE Identification: 029228 

Telephone (301) 276-0306 Entity Humber: 1-52-095-4654-A1 

Established 19B0 Coed 

Enrollment: 179 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: H 

01 President Dr. Charles W. Simmons 

? ean *; Dr. Eugene Williams Sr. 

04 Assistant tc the President Hs. Catherine Raheem 

06 Registrar Hs. Eatricia Silverthorne 

07 Director AdaissioDS Hrs. Robin P. Quarles 

10 Business Manager... Mrs. Laverne Lina 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Eli Tubaan 

TO W SOU STATE UNIVERSITY 

Baltiaore 21204 Congressional District: 3 

County: Baltimore PICE Identification: 002099 

Telephone (301) 321-2000 Entity Number: 1-52-600-2033-B4 

Established 1866 ~ , 

Enrollment: 15,283 

Unde rgraduate Tuition and Fees (In-state) : $027 

Control; StdtG 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Acer editation: H, »N(JS, NUR, OT, TED 

>1 President Dr Holc „ . 

35 Vice Pres Academic Affairs 2osept‘«! Co5 

n ^ CSS f tu< ? Qnt Services. H s. Dorothy G. Siegel 

» nil K ETiy-.-ssu 


OB Librarian Mr. Thomas E. Strader 

09 Dir Academic Systems Research Lr. Edwin F. Sasaki 

26 Asst Vice Pres-Dir Development Hr. John L. Wighton 

36 Director of Placement Services Hr. Prancis J. Lemite 

29 Director Alumni Services Hs. Sally V. Souris 

37 Director Financial Aid Hs. Harriet Griffin 

38 Director Counseling Center Hr. Charles E. Kaloy 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Fred G. Bank 

27 Director University Relations Hs. Frances H. Minakovski 

25 Director Grants and Endowments...... Ms. Dernadine J. Krieder 

19 Director University Police Hr. Gene E. Dawson 

55 Dean of Cont Studies Division Dr. Norma R. Long 

58 Acting Dean Graduate studies Dr. Frederick C. Arnold 

49 Dean Huo-Soc Sci-Management Dr. Annette C. Flower 

53 Acting Dean Teacher Education..... Dr. James D. Binko 

57 Dean Arts-Letters-Commun Dr. Gilbert A. Hrungardt 

65 Dean Nat Sci and Mathematics.. Dr. Jack W. Taylor 

69 Dean of Applied Sciences Dr. Norman L. Sheets 

UNIVERSITY OF BALTIHORE 

Charles at Mount Royal, Baltimore 21201 

Congressional District; 7 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 002102 

Telephone (301) 727-6350 Entity Number: 1-52-059- 1687-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,394 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Stn te) : $800 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: M, *LAW 

01 President Dr. II. Mebane Turner 

05 Provost Dr. Betty Stirling 

04 Assistant to the President. Hr. Robert L. Fudge 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. Herrill R„ German 

30 Vice Pres for Development Dr. Charles E. Gresham 

07 Director of Admissions Hrs. Kathryn Feather 

08 Librarian . . Hr. John B. Nicholson Jr. 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Calvin Lotz 

36 Dir Car Guid and Placement Hr. Dennis Pelletier 

32 Vice Pres, student Services Hr. Edward H. Fritz 

27 Public Information Officer Hs. Kate Peterson 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. John G. Koenig Jr. 

38 Director of Counseling Hr. Reginald C. Thohas 

06 Registrar Hrs. Audrey M, H. Regner 

09 Dir Institutional Research Hr. Herrill R. Pritchett 

10 Director of Computer Center Hr. Richard L. Moses 

09 Dean College Liberal Arts Dr. Neil J. Kleinman 

61 Dean of the School of Law... Mr. Laurence H. Katz 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. Predrick Kelly 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Fred W. Hopkins 

UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

3300 Hetzerott Road, Adelphi 20783 Congressional District: 5 
County: Prince Georges FICE Identification: 007959 

Telephone (301) 853-360 1 Entity (lumber: 1-52-071-0051-A1 

01 President Dr . John s. Toll 

03 Spec Assistant to President Dr. Albin 0. Kuhn 

05 vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. David H. Adaaany 

10 Vice Pres Gen Administration Dr. Warren H , Brandt 

30 Vice Pres for Univ Development Mr. Robert G. Soith 

17 Human Relations Officer Mr. Sherman L. Roberson 

26 Assistant to the President...... Dr. W. Jackson stenger 

27 Assistant to the President Hr. George C. Keller 

45 Director University Planning............ Mr. Robert F. Kendig 

24 Asst Vice Pres Gen Admin Mr. Donald L. Myers 

15 University Personnel Officer Ms. Patricia A. Day 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs... Mr. J, Logan Schutz 

09 Dir institutional Research Dr. Gerald R. Thrasher Jr. 

14 Director Computer center., Hr. David L. Keeter 

58 vice Pres Grad Stdies-Researcli Dr. David s. Sparks 

47 Vice Pres Agricultural Affairs Dr. Frank L. Bentz Jr. 

65 Dir Envrnmtl S Estuarn Studies Dr. Rita E. Colwell 

♦UNIVERSITY OF HARYLAHD COLLEGE PARK CAHPUS 


College Park 20742 
County: Prince Georges 
Telephone (301) 454-0100 
Established 1856 
Enrollment: 37,192 
„ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) 5 $80' 

Control: state Seraestei 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; n, ARCH, AUD, BOS , CLPSY, COPSY, DIET, EHG, 
JOUR, LIB, HUS, SP, TED 


Congressional District; 5 
FICE Identification; 002103 
Entity Number: 1-52-07'-0e51-ft1 

Coed 



02 Chancellor. 

05 Vice Clianc Academic Affairs... 

10- Vice clianc Adminv Affairs 

32 Vice Chanc Student Affairs.... 
00 Adminv Dean Ondexgrad Studies. 
05 Director Academic services.... 

37 Director of Student Aid 

OB Director of Libraries 

15 Director of Personnel......... 

09 Dir of Institutional Studies.. 
36 Dir Placement and Credentials. 
13 Dir Computer Science Center... 
IV Dir Adminv Computer Center.... 

53 Pro v Div Hath Phys Scl 6 Engr. 

57 Provost Div Arts Humanities... 

49 Pro v Div Behav G soc Sciences. 
56 Pro v Div Agric £ Life Sciences 

70 Pro v Div Hunan 6 cmty Resrc... 

71 Adminv Dean for Summer Program 

d7 Dean of Agriculture 

MB Dean of Architecture 

50 Dean Business and Management.. 

53 Dean of Education 

54 Dean of Engineering 

59 Dean of Human Ecology 

62 Act g Dean Lib-Info Services... 

60 Dean Phy Ed-Recreation-Health. 

58 Dean Grad studies 6 Research.. 

60 Acting Dean of Journalism 


Dr. Robert 1. Gluckstorn 
.. Dr. Mancie L. Gonzalez 

Hr. Darryl Hierly 

Dr. William L. Ihomas Jr. 
. Dr. Robert E. Shoenberg 

Vacant 

Cr. Ulysses S. Glee 

.... Cr. II. Joanne Harrar 

Hr. Joseph R. Joyce 

.... Ms. Marilyn K. Brown 
. Hr. Thomas D. Dachhuber 

Mr. John P. Menard 

Hr. Christian R. Granger 
....... Dr. Prank J. Kerr 

.... Dr. Shirley S. Kenny 

.. DC. Murray E. Pa lake ff 
. Dr. Larry N. Vanderhoff 
.... Dr. George J. Funaro 

.... Cr. Melvin Bernstein 

. Dr. Earl It. Broun 

......... Mr. John W. Hill 

. .. Dr. Rudolph P. Lamone 

Vacant 

. ... Dr. George E. Dieter 

Dr. John R. Beaton 

. Dr. Hichaol H. Reynolds 

Dr. Harvin it. Eyler 

. Dr. Rose- Marie G. Oster 

. . Dr. Benjamin F. Holman 


Control: State 
Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delon 
and General 
Accreditation: H 

02 Chancellor.. 

03 Vice Chanc-S ta tevide Programs 

10 Asst Vice Chanc-Comptrcller 

05 Dean of Undergraduate Studies 

25 Asst to Chanc Administration.. 

09 Asst to Chanc Plan-Fes-De velop 

0M Asst Chanc Overseas Programs 

26 Asst Chanc Univ Relations 

32 Dir Academic Student Services 

06 Dir Admis and Registrations 

00 Registrar... 

37 Pinancial Aid Director 

HI Director Computing Services 

13 Director Information Systems 

15 Director Personnel Services.. 

08 Librarian 

45 Dir Institutional Research......... 

53 Director European Division 

54 Director Far East Division 

55 Dir Evening- Weekend Program 

56 Director Offcaapus Program 

51 Exec Dir ctr Adult Education 

71 Director Open University 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies. 


Semeste 

Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 


. Dr. T. Eenjaain Masse 
.. Dr. William H . Warre 
........ Hr. Helmut Sie 

Dr. Hacyly Van Leer Pec 

Mrs. Elinor Seide 

.. Dr. Stephen £. Force 
.... Dr. Julian S. .lone 
..... Hs. Mary Anna Dun 
.. . Dr. David C. Karlso 
... Hr. Wayne E. Becraf 

Hu. Eric A. La op 

.... Hr. Cencil F. Whit 
.. Hr. James S. Harvisc 

Mr. Harry R. Smit 

..... Mrs. Elinor Seide 

Ms. Karen Brow 

Dr. Harilynn Drax 

..... Dr. Mason G. Dale 
.... Dr. Joseph J. Arde 
.. . . Hr. Gary H. Coiema 

Mr. John V. Shar 

. Hr. Arthur J. Halliga 

Vacan 

.. Dr. Hilton A. Grodsk 


♦ UNIVERSITY OP MARYLAND BALTIMORE COUNTY CAMPUS 


•UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND- EASTERN SHORE 


5401 Milkens Avenue, catcnsville 21228 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Baltimore FICE Identification: 002105 

Telephone (301) 455- 1000 Entity Number: 1-52-600-2036-A6 

Established 19 63 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,393 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $055 
Control: State 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: H 

02 Chancellor Dr. John H. Dorsoy 

05 Vice chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Walter S. Jones 

10 Vice Chanc Adminv Affairs. Mias Sallio A. Giffen 

32 Vice Chanc Student Affairs Dr. Scott T. Rickard 

07 Director of Academic Services Dr. Donald H. Giffin 

14 Dir of Information Services Dr. Barbara F. Medina 

27 Director University Relations. Hr. Victor U. Dates 

15 Director of Personnel - Hr. Hack E. Horsuon 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Suzette H. Craft 

06 Act g Assoc Director Admissions Ms. Barbara M. Shahpazian 

03 Librarian Dr. Billy R. Wilkinson 

71 Director of Special Sessions Ha. Wanda J. Dair 

SB Director Graduate Studies.. Dr. Joseph Mulligan 

♦ UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND BALTIMORE PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS 

525 We3t Redwood Street, Baltimore 21201 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Independent city FICE Identification: 002104 

Telephone (301) 528-7004 Entity Number: 1- 52-6 00-2036-A1 

Established 1807 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,777 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $037 
Control: State 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: M, DENT, Dll, LAW, MED, NT, NUR, PIIAR, PT A, 

RAD, SW 

02 Chancellor Dr, Albin 0. Kuhn 

10 Director of Business Services.... Mr. Robert C. Brown 

06 Dir Admis and Registration Mr. Wayne A. Smith 

15 Director of Personnel Mr, Ronald J. Daril 

61 Dean of Law - Dr. Michael J. Kelly 

63 Vice Chanc Hit h Aff-Dean Med. Dr. John M. Dennis 

67 Dean of Pharmacy... Dr. William J. Kinnard Jc. 

70 Dean Soc Work 6 Cmty Planning....... Dr. Ruth II. Young 

66 Dean of Nursing.... Dr. Nan B. Hoche nberger 

52 Dean of Dentistry..,. Dr. Errol L. Reese 

53 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Ross W, I. Kessel 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND UNIVERSITY COLLEGE 


Princess Anne 21053 Congressional District: 

County: Somerset FICE Identification: 00210 

Telephone (301) 651-2200 Entity Number: 1-52- 600- 2036-A 

Established 1836 Coe 

Enrollment: 1,117 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) ; $71 
Control: State Semeste 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: M 

02 Chancellor Dr. William P. Ilytcl 

05 Vice Chanc Acadenic Affairs Dr. Jodellano J. State 

10 Vice Chanc Adminv Affairs Mr. Joel c. Mac 

32 Vice Chanc Student Affairs Dr. Herman FranklJ 

04 Exec Asst to the Chancellor Dr. Earl s. Richardsc 

26 Director University Relations Hr. Robert D. Sheride 

30 Director of Development Hr. Zhukov R. caophe 

15 Dir Personnel-Human Relations Mr. Helvin s. HcCr 

00 Director Library Services Ms. Jessie C. Soil 

06 Dir Admis and Registration. Hr. James D. Ewei 

37 Director Student Aid.. Hr. James N. Lockwoc 

36 Dir Career Planning-Placement Hs. Dorothy L. Hate: 

38 Director of Counseling Contor Dr. Theadoce W. Hendersc 

25 Director Research and Grants Dr. Charles D. Ignasie 

14 Director of Data Processing..... Hr. Bryce F. Ada: 

09 Dir Instnl Research-Planning Dr. George W. Ossmc 

T9 Director of Security. Mr. Otis W. Conva 

58 Asst Vice Chanc Grad Studies Dr. Janes F. RagJ 


VILLA JULIE COLLEGE 

Green Spring Valley Road, Stevenson 21153 

congressional District: 

County: Baltimore FICE Identification: 0021( 

Telephone (301) 486-7000 Entity Humber: 1-52-070-5392-1 

Established 194 7 

Enrollment: 604 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,3( 

control: Independent Nonprofit Senastt 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Vear Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: H 

01 President Miss Carolyn Kanusz< 

30 Chief Development Officer Mr. Nicholas F. Muelli 

05 Dean of the College Me. Louis S. Albei 

07 Director of Admissions......... Hr. Robert C. Koermi 

06 Registrar Sr. Mary Alice Danl 

32 Dean of Student Services...: Mrs. Beulah H. Newl 

26 Director of Public Relations Ms. Virginia Tann< 

08 Librarian........... - Mcs. MaryS. Dago. 

10 Business Manager, ..................... . Mr, Joseph Greenfie. 

36 Director of Placement Services,. Mrs. Anne D. Shelti 

71 Director of Special Programs Mrs. Barbara S. Ilawkii 

49 Assistant Dean...... Mrs. Patricia It. Josei 


Univ Blvd at Adelphi Rd, college Park 20742 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Prince Georges PICE Identification: 011644 

Telephone (301) 454-4755 Entity Number: 1-52-600-2036-A4 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollment: 11 ,741 

Undergraduate Tuition' and Fees(in-State) : $1,240 


WASHINGTON BIBLE COLLEGE 

6511 Princess Garden Pkwy, Lanham 20801 

Congressional District: 
county; Prince Georges FICE identification: 0014i 

Telephone (301) 552-1400 Entity Number: 1-92-600-0147- 



USX&lifi. 


176 


Established 19 21 Coe a 

Enrollment: 560 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,136 

Control: Independent Monprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BI, SW 

01 President Hr. George A. Miles 

05 Academic Dean-College............ Rev. James S. Schuppe 

06 Reg str ana Dir Adnis-college Rev. William H. Curtis III 

32 Dir Student Personnel Services Dr. William 1. Hiller 

08 Librarian.... Mrs. Anne A. Sweat 

07 Registrar-Graduate School Bev. Todd S. Beall 

10 Director Business Affairs Hr. Janes R. Burr 

58 Academic Dean-Graduate School Dr. Homer Heater Jr. 

WASHINGTON COLLEGE 

Chestsrtovn 21620 Congressional District: 1 

County: Kent FICE Identification: 002108 

Telephone (301) 778-2000 Entity Humber: 1-52-059- 1691 -A 1 

Established 1702 Coed 

Enrollment: 823 Ondergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,510 

Control: Independent nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: H 

01 President Dr. Joseph H. McLain 

05 Dean of College Mr. Garry E. Clarke 

30 Vice President fcr Development Mr. George E. Hayward 

10 Vice President for Finance Hr. Gene A. Ilessey 

06 Registrar Hr. Hr con N. Foster 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Agostino H. Dimaggio 

08 Librarian Hiss Betty Wasson 

33 Assoc Dean of Students Hr. Edvard Marcy 

3h Dean of Students Hiss Maureen Kelley 

1« Act g Dir of Computer Center Dr. Richard H. Brown 

37 Asst Director of Financial Aid Hrs. Bonnie D. Vansant 

WASHINGTON THEOLOGICAL UNION 

9001 New Haupshiie Avenue, Silver Spring 20910 
„ _ , Congressional District: 5 

County: Prince Georges PICE Identification: 010065 

Telephone (301) 429-0551 Entity Number: 1-S2-O09-2446-A1 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 166 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: H, THE0L 

aI f Ee ;?ident. . Rev. Vincent D. Cushing 

06 R^iR?r C r Dean Rs ' r * Jaoes A * Coriden 

51 cir Fi8 f Ed Er °- *»• Muelitr 

51 Eic Continuing Education ••••«...« « « .. * ,,, Sr, Rea HcDni>n«1 1 

30 Director of ...t 'ir! A.?? 0? SSlSi 

WESTERN MARYLAND COILEGE 

Comt^rvf^ni l 57 Congressional District: 6 

££&Ffi 8 “ a - ,0M 

sst&'x.ttUm .-ssh'*— *” a “Lt 

Highest Offering: Master's r 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: H, HUS, SN 1 

II p: 

50 Assoc .Dean Graduate Studies Or. Leonard S^ov^bS? ^ 

WOE-WIC TECH COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1202 Old Ocean city Road, Salisbury 21601 

county: Wicomico ! 1 

Es^abUshed < ' 3 ?9 , 75 7 " 9 ' 8,01 Bntity NU “ ber: l-S-loSUl «7-n 

Enrollment: 579 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In -St ate) : $510 


Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation : H 

01 President. ... Dr. Arnold H. Haner 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Thomas D. Sepo 

32 Director of student Affairs Hr. Martin H. Hadelaan 

10 Business Hanager Hr. Mark V. Rudnick 

37 Asst Director Student Affairs Ms. Susan M. llafner 

26 Coordinator Public Relations Mrs. Irene McAllister 

51 Dir Cmty Ed and Services Mrs. Nola H . Arnold 

66 Department Head Mrs. ^ary E. Krua 

50 Department Head Ms. Doril Sharkey 

io nI P ? E S B8 5\ Mr - L ^ nn Albert 

19 Dept Head Law Enforcement H r. Robert Alnun 

3 ASS AC HU SETTS 

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL COILEGE 

170 tfilbraham Hoad, Springfield 01109 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Hampden FICE Identification: 002114 

Telephone (413) 737-5331 Entity Number: 1- 04-21 0- 370 1- A ' 

Established 1005 CoGd 

Enrollment: 2,106 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,447 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Professional 
Accreditation; Ell, TED 

n= ^® sid€nt *-*- Dr. Harry J. Coucniotes 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff 6 Dean Fac Dr. John F. Mitchell 

10 Comptroller Mr. Colin A. canhan 

07 Dean Admis-Asst Pres Extnl Aff Mr. John R. Fallon 

03 uffill Hrs - Esther p - Hanson 

uti LiDranani * Dr- Susan D# Leo 

32 Dean Adminv 6 Stdnt Services Hr! Donald' I. Conrad 

37 Director of Financial Aid ; Hr. Lee c. siroic 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Ned N. Boyaly 

30 Director Counseling Center Mrs. Joan B . Pennington 

36 Director of Placement..; Hr. William h. Turner 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Joseph P. cebula 

49 Dean School Arts and Sciences cr. Slifon Birnbaj! 

50 Dean Sch of Dus Administration Dr. Albert J. Sargent 

53 Dean Sch Psychology-Education Dr. Joseph P. Cebula 

68 Mrs * Rachel E - Chandler 

68 Chran Dept Athletics C Phy Ed Hr. Hilton J. Piepul 

AMHERST COILEGE 

® 1002 . . Congressional District: 1 

County. Hampshire FICE Identification: 002115 

Telephone (413) 542-2000 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3542-Al 

Established 1821 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,541 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $6,345 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

ns Julia* i«. cibu 

?? nllr, 55V a ; ult, ‘' flar y Catherine Bateson 

n? »* u ? e “* s Ja»os J - Bishop 

?7 If Ed ward D. Wall 

1 1 A ^ d Donald H. Routh 

Die institutional Research Robert F. Grose 

JJ Officer David r . Howland 

council Kent w. Faerber 

nfl ? ublic Affairs. Douglas c. Wilson 

08 College Librarian Willis E. Bridegan 

ANDOVER NEWTON THEOLOGICAL SCHOOL 

210 Herrick Road, Newton Centre 02159 

r _, Congressional District: 4 
, FIGE Mentification: 002116 

3 a i e P b ® 11 ® J 617 > 964-1100 Entity Nuober; 1-04-247-2631-Ai 

Established 1807 Cood 

J t<41 . Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering- Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EH, THBOI 

22 nlpf! id0nt .... ................ . Rev. Gordon M. Torgersen 

, n u^o*d4* * \ a * ’ Z * c Rev. George Peck 

30 Vice President for Development..... Hr. Verne c. Edmunds 

06 Registrar....... „ s . Jan6t r. Ray 



177 


MSSftCHUSElTS 


07 Chrmn Admissions committee Dr. Henry C. Brocks 

09 Librarian-.., Rev. Ellis E. O'Neal Jr. 

10 Comptroller Mr. Richard J. McKee 

29 Director of Placement Dr. Joseph E. O'Donnell Jr. 

71 Director of the Summer School Dr. John H. Oillinsky 

ANNA MARIA COLLEGE 

Paxton 01612 Congressional District: 2 

County: Worcester F1CE Identification: 002117 

Telephone (617) 757-4586 Entity Humber: 1-04-200-2060-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,288 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,980 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P ro f essiona 1 

Accreditation: EH, MUS, sw 

Ol President Sc. Bernadette Hadore 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Louise N . Soldani 

32 Dean of Students Miss Hollis L. Ingraham 

06 Registrar Sr. Hollands Quintal 

10 Business Manager..... Sr. Irene Socquet 

30 Director of Development Mr. Richard A. Kelson 

26 Director of Public Affairs Hr. Philip G. O’Brien 

38 Director Counseling services Mr. Richard L. Connors 

08 Librarian Sr. Lillian Beaulac 

07 Director Admissions Mr. Paul J. LynsJtey 

37 Dir of Financial Aid Hr. F. Duane Quinn 

Ob Asst to the President Miss Cecile G. Betit 

29 Director of Alumni Mrs. Arlene K. Sjosten 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Mr. Edward s. Goldstein 

AQUINAS JUNIOR COLLEGE 
♦ ♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

303 Adams street, Milton 02186 Congressional District: 11 

County: Norfolk PICE Identification: 00897b 

Telephone (617) 6S6-3100 Entity Number: 1-04-216-0625-A1 

0 1 President...., sr. Hary Louise Morgan 

36 Director of Placement Services Mrs. Elinor Quigley 

06 Registrar Ms. Carol A. Doherty 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Barbara S. Tracy 

37 Director of Financial Aid. Ms. Anne llesto 

♦AQUINAS JUNIOR COLLEGE AT MILTON 

303 Adams Street, Milton 02186 Congressional District: 11 

County: Norfolk FICE identification: 004073 

Telephone (617) 6S6-3100 Entity Number: 1-04-216-0625-A2 

Established 1956 Women 

Enrollment: 396 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,200 

Affiliation: Roman catholic Other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV 

01 President...... Sr. Mary Louise Morgan 

30 Director of Counseling.,.- Sr. Dachantal Hart 

00 Chief Librarian........ Ms. Patricia ilaughton 

2 9 Director Alumnae Association Sr. Karen Hokanson 

05 Coord of Academic Programs Sr. Margaret Joyce 

♦AQUINAS JUNIOR COLIBGE AT NEWTON 

15 Walnut Park, Newton 02158 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 008072 

Telephone (617) 244-8134 Entity Number: 1-04-2 16-0625-A1 

Established 1961 Women 

Enrollment: 321 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,100 

Affiliation: Ronan Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: EV 

02 President Sr. Julia Ford 

05 'Coordinator Academic Programs.... Sr. Martha Ann Kelley 

Q6 Registrar and Dean of Women Sr. Frances M . Wool 

07 Director of Admissions Mary K. Milley 

00 Librarian Sr. Sarah Harkins 

38 Dir Student Counsel-Alumnae...... Sr. Eleanor K. Shea 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Steve Collins 

36 Director student Placement Sr. Marian Batho 


Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 47 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Other 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Mr. Joseph J. Voci 

05 Vice President and Dean Dr. Arnold K. Weinstein 

07 Admissions Coordinator.. Ms. Judith H. Francis 

06 Pegstr and Program Adminr Ms. Priscilla B. Sullivan 

32 Student Affairs Coordinator Mr. William Fish 


ASSUMPTION COLLEGE 

500 Salisbury Street, Worcester 01609 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002118 

Telephone (617) 752-5615 Entity Number: 1 -04 -210-5776-A 1 

Established 1904 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,330 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,835 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Joseph H. Hagan 

09 Chancellor Rev. Wilfrid. J. Dufault 

05 Academic Dean... Dr. Richard A. Oehling 

32 Dean of students Rev. Peter R. Precourt 

30 Director of Development Edward A. Engel 

07 Director of Admissions Thomas E. Dunn 

04 Campus Planner Rev. Alexis A. Babineau 

10 Business Manager Vacant 

05 Librarian Philippe L. Poisson 

06 Registrar Raymond w. Picard 

15 Director of Personnel Mary c. Braley 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Stephen R. Biando 

38 Director of Counseling.... Paul B. Thayer 

36 Director of Placement... Judith N. Spacanges 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Richard A. Oehling 


♦ATLANTIC UNION COLLEGE 

South Lancaster 01561 congressional District: 4 

County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002119 

Telephone (617) 365-4561 Entity Number: 1-04-217-8860-A1 

Established 1082 Coed 

Enrollment: 622 Undergraduate Tuition ana Pees: $3,760 

Affiliation: Seventh-Day Adventists Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, TED 

01 President Dr. R. D. McCune 

05 Academic Dean..... Dr. Larry K. Levis 

10 Business Manager Hr. Donald R. Cantrell 

32 Dean of Students Mr. David Dickerson 

06 Registrar Mr. J. Duncan Mustard 

08 Librarian Mr. Oscar R. Schmidt 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Frank W. Robinson 

34 Dean of Women Mrs. June Jettec 

26 Director of College Relations Mr. Kurt K. Ganter 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. William A. Deitemeyer 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Lester D. Pelley 

BABSON COLLEGE 

Babson Park 02157 Congressional District: 10 

County: Norfolk PICE Identification: 002121 

Telephone (617) 235-1200 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3544-A1 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,987 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,670 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EH, BOS 

01 President Ralph Z. Sorenson 

04 Exec Asst to the President.. Janet G. Short 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff and Dir Res Helvyn R. Copen 

10 Treasurer - Jesse M. Putney 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Paul c, staake Jr. 

30 Vice Pres College Resources Charles D. Thompson 

06 Registrar.......... Dorothea Severson 

07 Director of Admissions... Joseph B. Carver 

08 Librarian Janes A. Boudreau 

14 Director computer Center, Edgar T. Canty 

36 Director of Placement Services.... William C. Wrenn 


AUTHOR D. LITTLE MANAGEMENT EDUCATION INSTITUTE 


Acorn Park, Cambridge 02140 
County: Middlesex 
Telephone (617) 864-5770 


Congressional District: 8 
PICE Identification: 029021 
Entity Number: 1-04-253-5849-A1 


BAY PATH JUNIOR COLLBGE 

588 Longmeadow Street, longneadov 01106 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Hampden PICE Identification: 002122 





178 


Tele phone (413) 567-0621 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3865-11 

Established 1897 Women 

Enrollment: 654 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,950 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EB 

01 President... Dr. Jeanette T. Wright 

05 Academic Dean Mary Louise Van winkle 

10 Treasurer - John T. Horiarty 

30 Director of Development James J. Barden 

32 Dean of students. Marcia H. Conrad 

07 Director of Admissions John P. Foley 

06 Registrar and Librarian... William D. Goyette 

BAY STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 
122 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston 02116 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 003965 

Telephone (6 17) 266-0220 Entity Number: 1-04-203-3731-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 828 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,200 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCE, HAAB, MLTAB 

01 President Bocco J. Losano 

10 Vice President Finan Affairs Louis F. Musco Jr. 

05 Dean of the College Cleopatra Sopbios 

36 Director of Placement Mary Cadigan 

08 Librarian.... Suneela Dandekar 

38 Director of Guidance Christine Harris 

26 Vice Pres Stdnt life-Pub Rel Prank X. Carroll 

34 Director of Student Activities Carol Keamitt 

04 Assistant to the President Allan Hartley 

07 Director of Admissions Gayle Salvucci 

37 Director of Financial Aid Margaret Steeves-Nancini 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Manon-Ayse Shahir 

BECKER JUNIOR COLLEGE 
♦SISTEH OFFICE 

61 Sever Street, Worcester 01609 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester PICE Identification: 029076 

Telephone (617) 791-9241 Entity Number: 1-04-21 0-8346-A1 

01 President or. lloyd H. Van Euskirk 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Thomas Redman 

08 Librarian Visvaldis Vidnanis 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Ms. Vivian Ducharme 


BENTLEY COLLEGE 

Waltham 02154 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002124 

Telephone (617) 891-2000 Entity Number: 1 -04 - 10 0- 16S0 - A 1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,433 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 13,970 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 President Dr. Gregory H. Adamian 

04 Assistant to the President Thomas J. Hyly 

10 Vice Pres Bus and Finance Robert J. Weafer 

30 Vice Pres Instnl Advancement David W. Ellis 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. John T. Hie hoi 

32 Vice Pres 6 Dean of Stdnt Aff Dr. Thomas II. Zarle 

00 Asst Vice Pres and Treasurer Robert L. Lenington 

06 Registrar Joyce E. Thaeler 

07 Dean of Admissions Kent P. Ericson 

08 Director of Library..... Joyce A. Bennett 

26 Director of Public Relations G. Allen Peckham 

29 Exec Director Alumni Affairs Robert c. Hunt 

37 Director of Financial Aid Helen H. Reynolds 

15 Director of Personnel Harold E. Roberts 

36 Director of Placement Blodia Thomas 

14 Director of Computer Center Robert A. Berger 

38 Dir Counsel-Stdnt Development.... Cr. George H. Sousa 

55 Dean of Evening Division David T. Brigham 

51 Dean of continuing Education.... Clifford p. Youse 

50 Dean of Undergraduate College Dr. John H. Burns 

58 Dean of Graduate Programs Dr. Jeremiah J. O'Connell 

DERKLEE COLLEGE OF MUSIC 

1140 Boylston Street, Boston 02215 Congressional District: 9 
County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 002126 

Telephone (617) 266-1400 Entity Number: 1 -04-230-0472-A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,583 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,000 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate * 

Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 Chancellor Lawrence Berk 

02 President lee Eliot Berk 

05 Dean of the College Richard Bobbitt 

10 Administrator and Provost Robert Share 

06 Registrar David Matayabas 

32 Dean of Students Lawrence Dethune 

08 Librarian. John Voigt 

27 Director of News Bureau Alma Berk 


♦ BECKER JUNIOR COLLEGE LEICESTER 

1003 Main street, Leicester 01524 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICB Identification: 002159 

Telephone (617) 892-8122 Entity Number: 1-04-210-4387-A1 

Established 1784 Coe ^ 

Enrollment: 501 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,210 

Controls Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: #ACVET 

02 Vice President »r. Arnold C. Weller Jr. 

05 Academic Dean Dr. H . vilmarth Mott 

38 Counselor . Mr. George H. Martin 

♦BECKER JUNIOR COLLEGE WORCESTER 

61 Sever Street, Worcester 01609 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester PICE Identification: 002123 

Telephone (617) 791-9241 Bntity Number: 1-04-210-8346-A1 

Established 188/ Coed 

Enrollment; 676 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,210 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV, PTAA 

02 Vice President-college Arnold c. Weller 

10 Business Manager Jonathan B, Seale 

32 Dean of Students........ David H. Bergguist 

SJ •>»««* »• 

Placement Officer Ann jackson-Gillis 

.ounselor. ........... David Meyers 

.ector Continuing Education Lawrence Spaulding 


BERKSHIRE CHRISTIAN COLLEGB 

Lenox 01240 Congressional District: 1 

County: Berkshire FICE Identification: 002127 

Telephone (413) 637-0830 Entity Humber: 1-04-2T3-7235-A1 

Established 1897 Coed 

Enrollment: 124 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,417 

Affiliation: Advent Christian Church Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; BI 

01 President Rev, Vincent E, labor 

Dea “ Rev. David A. Dean 

10 Business Manager Hr. Kenneth West 

06 Registrar.. Hrs. Joan N, Cooper 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mr. David Bowden 

08 Director of the Library Mrs. Lois Jones 

11 ?! an o£ Students Rev. Stephen Brown 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Lois West 

BLUE HILLS REGIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

100 Randolph street. Canton 02021 Congressional District: 9 
county: Norfolk FICE Identification: 005523 

Telephone (617) 028-5800 Entity Number: 1 -04-237-9359 -A 1 

Established 1963 Coei 

Enrollment: 484 

„ . . Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $520 

control: local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: EV, DA, MLTC 

01 President Mr. Charles A. Brennan 

in * - Mr. David T. Malone 

10 Business Manager Mc . Donald A. Dlfiore 

librarian...... H s. Kathryn Hood 

” o£ ^ncial Aid... Mt. James J. Quill 

iS Hs. Joan Godfrey 

14 Dir Data Processing Center.... Mr. Donald R. Ryley 

nt o£ Public Relations Ms. Shirley Holin 

04 Administrative Assistant Hs. Nancy Souther 



m. 


JSiSSJCjJOSETTS 


BOSTON COLLEGE 

Chestnut Hill 02167 Congressional District: 4 

County; Middlesex PICE Identification: 002120 

Telephone (6 17) 969-01 00 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3899-A1 

Established 1863 Coed 

Enrollaent: 13,969 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,530 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: EH, BUS, LAW, NUR, SW, TED, THEOL 
01 President............. Rev.. J. Donald Honan 

05 Senior Vice Pres-Dean Fac Rev. Joseph A. Panuska 

10 Financial Vice President Hr. John R. Smith 

04 Exe cutive . Vice President Dr. Francis B. Campanella 

32 Vice President student Affairs Hr. Kevin P. Duffy 

06 University Registrar.. Louise M. lonabocker 

07 Dean Admis-Records-Pinan Aid Dr. John J. Maguire 

08 University Librarian.. Dr. Thomas F. O'Connell 

45 Director of Space Management Hr. Roderick. G. Wallick 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. Paul J. Honnessy 

29 Exec Dir Alumni Association.... Mr. John F. Wisslar 

36 Director of Placement. Hr. John E. Steele 

14 Director of Computing Center.... Hr. James T. Kidd 

15 Director of Personnel..... Mr. Leo V. Sullivan 

38 Dix Univ Counseling Services Mr. Heston M. Jenks Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Robert H. Turner 

55 Dean of the Evening College Rev. Janes A. Woods 

71 Dean of the Summer Session Rev. George R. Fuir 

49 Dean Col Arts and Sciences............ Rev. William B. Keenan 

58 Dean Grad Arts and Sciences...... Dr. Donald J. White 

61 Dean of the Lav School.................. Dr. Richard G. Huber 

70 Dean Grad Sch of Social Work Dr. June G. Hopps 

66 Dean of School of Nursing Dr. Hary A. Dlneen 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Mary D. Griffin 

50 Dean School of Management Dr. John J. Neuhauser 

■♦BOSTON CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC 

8 Fenway, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002129 

Telephone (617) 536-6340 Entity Number: 1 -04-21 2-6597- A1 

Established 1867 Coed 

Enrollaent: 424 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EU, nus 

01 President 0 Treasurer Dale A. Duvall 

05 Dean leroy Johnston 

06 Registrar Ann Vivian 

08 Librarian Cathy Dalshone 


BOSTON UNIVERSITY 

Boston 02215 Congressional District: 8 

county: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002130 

Telephone (617) 353-2000 Entity Number: 1-04-2 10-3547-A1 

Established 1869 Coed 

Enrollment: 26,740 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,515 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher treparatory ; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: EH, AUD, BUS, CLPSY> DA, DENT, ENG, USA, JOUB, 
LAW, MED, HUS, NUR, OT, PTA, SP, SW, TED, THEOL 

01 President.... John R. Silber 

03 Prov & Vice Pres Ext Affairs Robert C. Mayfield 

05 Assoc Vice Pres Adminv Serv David E. Ilollovell 

10 Vice Pres Fioan and Bus Aff Charles V. Smith 

29 Vice Pres University Relations. Daniel J. Finn 

26 Vice pres Labor-Pub Relations Robert C. Bergenhein 

30 Vice President fcr Development.. ........ G. Steven Wilkerson 

13 Assoc Vice Pres Mgmt Info Jeffrey Lazarus 

15 Director of Personnel. Robert V. Sweetall 

14 Vice President of Operations... Ernest T. Corvo 

45 vice Pros Admin Services.... Mary-Jane Hemperley 

06 Registrar............ Jon Haywood 

07 Exec Dir Adais-Financial Aid..... Anthony T. Pallatt 

32 Interim Dean of Student Life.... Ronald L. Carter 

36 Dir ctr Car-Pers Development Carol G. Moore 

00 University Librarian.. John P. laucus 

71 Director of the Summer Term Donald Dunbar 

55 Dean Metropolitan College Irwin Price 

73 Dean of Theology Richard Nesaith 

58 Dean Liberal Arts Geoffrey Bannister 

61 Interim Dean of Law... William Schwartz 

63 Dean of Medicine Dr. John Sandson 

66 interim Dean of Nursing....... Ann Burgess 

52 Dean School Graduate Dentistry Dr. Spencer Frankl 

54 Dean of Engineering Louis Padulo 

70 Dean of Social Work..., Hubert B. Jones 


60 Dean Public Communication Demis Dondis 

53 Interim Dean of Education Paul warren 

57 Interim Dean School for Arts Gerald Gross 

69 Dean Allied Health Professions David B, Hershenson 

50 Interim Dean School Management Henry Morgan 

68 Dir Phy Development Programs j 0 h n Simpson 

49 Dean College Basic Studies ... Brendan Gilbane 

BRADFORD COLLEGE 

South Main Street, Bradford 01830 Congressional District: 6 
County: Essex FICE Identification: 002132 

Telephone (617) 372-7161 Entity Hunber: 1 -04-210-3931 -A1 

Established 1B03 Coed 

Enrollment: 342 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Miss Inge Deckel 

03 Vice Pres for Administration Barry J. Lecours 

06 Registrar Miss Elizabeth M. Knapp 

08 Librarian Sr. Loretto Driscoll 

04 Assistant to the President Mrs. Blaine M. Willett 

05 Vice Pres and Dean of College..... Dr. Robert Forrey 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs........ Mrs. Ruth Anne Rogers 

37 Director Student Financial Aid....... Mrs. Harriet L. Andrews 

30 Vice Pres of College Resources Dr. Anthony R. Deluca 

32 Assoc Dean Student Services Joseph P. Forgiano 

DRANDIIS UNIVERSITY 

South Street, Waltham 02154 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002133 

Telephone (617) 647-2000 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3552- A1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollaent: 3,523 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: #5,935 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Dr. Harver H. Bernstein 

05 Dean of the Faculty Or. Jack S. Goldstein 

30 Vice Pres for Development..... Mr. Norman S. Pink 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Hr. Lester G. Loomis 

26 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Mr. Peter T. Van Aken 

27 Vice Pres Public Affairs Mr. Amraa M. Ducovny 

09 Vice Pres and Secretary Dr. David J. Steinberg 

45 Director of Budget Hr. Burton I. Wolfman 

04 Assistant to President Dr. Evelyn S. Sioha 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Davia L. Gould 

37 Director of Financial Aia Hs. Barbara Tornov 

32 Director of Student Affairs Mr. Brian H. Marcus 

08 University Librarian vacant 

06 Registrar and Assistant Dean Dr. Davia A. Hanson 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Louis J. Ennis 

25 Coord-Sponsored Research.. Mr. Joel K. Cohen 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. Lawrence M. Kitsch 

29 Director Alumni Relations Ms. Gladys R. Jacobson 

36 Director of Career Counseling Ms. tlaucie Schorr Hirsch 

57 Dean of the College Dr. Robert Evans 

50 Dean Grad Sch Arts 6 Sciences...., Dr. Robert J. Art 

70 Dean Grad Sch Social Welfare Dr. Stuart H. Altman 

CBNTRAL HEW ENGLAND COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY 

768 Main Street, Worcester 01610 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 010306 

Telephone (617) 755-4314 Entity Number: 1-04-247-8799- A1 

Established 1971 

Enrollment; 245 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: #2,650 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lower 
Division 

Program: Professional 

Accreditation: EH . , 

01 President Dr. Edward Paul Hattar III 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Paul 1. Ryan 

10 Treasurer "c. W. Theodore Wade 

07 Dir of Aaois S Financial Aia Mr. Harrison R. Greene 

32 Director of student Services...... Mr. David W. Eaton 

06 Registrar Eugene F. Lacava Jr. 

08 Librarian JJ5 S ‘ 

49 Chrsn Engr 6 Sci Department........... He. Thomas P. 0 Connor 


♦CHAKBERLAYNE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

128 commonwealth Avenue, Boston 02116 


County: Suffolk 
TaleDhone f 6 1 71 536-4500 


Congressional District: 8 
FICE Identification: 002138 
Pntltv Number: 1-04-1 16-65 17- A 1 



SJ£3J£US£2£X5.. 


178 


Telephone (413) 567-0621 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3865-A1 

Established 1897 Women 

Enrollment: 654 Undergraduate Tuition and fees: $2,950 

Control: independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Sears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Sear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President . . Dr. Jeanette T. Wright 

05 Academic Dean......... Hary Louise Van Hinkle 

10 Treasurer John T. Moriarty 

30 Director of Development. Janes J. Barden 

32 Dean of Students. Marcia H. Conrad 

07 Director of Adnissions John P. Foley 

06 Registrar and Librarian Killian D. Goyette 

BAS STATE JUNIOR COLLEGE OP BUSINESS 
122 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston 02116 

Congressional District: 0 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 003965 

Telephone (617) 266-0220 Entity Nuober: 1-04-203-3731-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 826 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,200 

Control: independent Hcnprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Sears 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Sear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCE, HA AB, HLTAB 

01 President Elocco J. Losano 

10 Vice president finan Affairs Louis F. Kusco Jr. 

05 Dean of the College Cleopatra Sophios 

36 Director of Piacenent Mary Cadigan 

08 Librarian Suneela Dandekar 

30 Director of Guidance Christine Harris 

26 Vice Pres Stdnt life-Puh Rel Prank X. Carroll 

34 Director of Student Activities Carol Kemmitt 

04 Assistant to the President Allan Bartley 

07 Director of Adnissions Gayle Salvucci 

37 Director of Pinarcial Aid Margaret Steeves-Nancini 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Hanon-Aysa Shahir 

BECKER JHHIOR COLLEGE 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

61 Sever Street, Worcester 01609 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester PICE Identification: 029076 

Telephone (617) 791-9241 Entity Number: 1-04-21 0-8346-A1 

01 President Mr. Lloyd H. Van Buskirk 

07 Director of Adnissions Mr. Thoaas Redman 

08 Librarian Visvaldis Udmanis 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Vivian Ducharae 


BENTLEY COLLEGE 

Waltham 02154 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002124 

Telephone (617) 891-2000 Entity Number: 1 -04- 10 8- 1650- A 1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,433 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,970 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Dr. Gregory il. Adamian 

04 Assistant to the President Thomas J. Hyly 

10 Vice Pres Bus and Finance Robert J. Heafer 

30 Vice Pres Instnl Advancement David W. Ellis 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. John T. Nichol 

32 Vice Pres e Dean of stdnt Aff Dr. Thomas II. Zarle 

00 Asst Vice Pres and Treasurer Robert L. Lenington 

06 Registrar Joyce E. ThaeLer 

07 Dean of Admissions Kent P. Ericson 

08 Director of Library Joyce A. Bennett 

26 Director of Public Relations......... G. Allen Peckhaa 

29 Exec Director Alumni Affairs Robert C. Hunt 

37 Director of Financial Aid Helen M. Reynolds 

15 Director of Personnel Harold E. Roberts 

36 Director of Placement. Elodia Thomas 

14 Director of computer Center Robert A. Berger 

38 Dir Counsel-Stdnt Development Cr. George H. Sousa 

55 Dean of Evening Division David T. Brigham 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Clifford F. Youse 

50 Dean of Undergraduate College Dr. John H. Burns 

58 Dean of Graduate Programs Dr. Jeremiah J. O'Connell 


BERKLEE COLLEGE OP MUSIC 

1140 Boylston Street, Boston 02215 Congressional District: 9 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002126 

Telephone (617) 266-1400 Entity Humber: 1 -04-230-0472- A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,583 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,000 

control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate * 

Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 Chancellor Lawrence Berk 

02 President Lee Eliot nerk 

05 Dean of the College Richard Bobbitt 

10 Administrator and Provost Robert Share 

06 Registrar David Matayabas 

32 Dean of Students*. • Lawrence Bethune 

08 Librarian John Voigt 

27 Director of News Bureau Alma Beck 


♦ BECKER JUNIOR COLLEGE LIT CESTER 

1003 Main street, Leicester 01524 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester PICB Identification: 002159 

Telephone (617) 8S2-8122 Entity Number: 1-04-210-4387-A1 

Established 1784 Coed 

Enrollment; 501 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,210 

Control: Independent Hcnprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: ♦ A EVET 

nc y iC ? p f e3id0Dt Mr. Arnold C. Weller Jr. 

05 Academic Dean Dr. H. Wil.arth Mott 

38 counselor Mr. Geocge Mactin 

♦BECKER JUNIOR COLLEGE WORCESTER 

61 sever Street, Worcester 01609 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester PICE Identification: 002123 

Telephone (617 1 791-9241 Entity Nunber: 1-04-210-8346-A1 

Established 188/ Co0(j 

Enrollment: 676 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees; $2,210 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Be.lov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditaule 
Accreditation: EV, PTAA 

02 Vice President-college Arnold c. Weller 

1% Jonathan 8. Seale 

™ ° fflCeE Ann Jackson-Gillis 

51 Director Continuing Education.... ! 'uirence Spaulding 


BERKSHIRE CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

Lenox 01240 Congressional District: 1 

county: Berkshire FICE Identification: 002127 

Telephone (413) 637-0838 Entity Number: 1-04-213-7235-A1 

Established 1897 Coed 

Enrollment: 124 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,417 

Affiliation: Advent Christian Church other 

Highest Offering; 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

Presi(5ent Rev- Vincent E. Taber 

^ Dea “ Rev. David A. Doan 

10 Business Manager Hr. Kenneth West 

at A? 9iStEar Mrs. Joan M. Cooper 

07 Director of Admissions.. Hr. David Bowden 

08 Director of the Library Mrs. Lois Jones 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Stephen Brown 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Lois West 

BLUE HILLS REGIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

100 Randolph street, Canton 02021 . congressional District: 9 
county: Norfolk FICE identification: 005523 

Telephone (617) 828-5800 Entity Number: 1-04-237-9358-A1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 484 

„ _ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $520 

control: Local Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: EV, DA, MLTC 

Ptea ^ ent , Mr. Charles A. Brennan 

°f a " .... Me. David p . Malone 

10 Business Manager... ... Hr . Donald A. Diflcre 

08 Librarian.......... Hs> Kathryn Hood 

37 Dir of Financial Aid . Mr . James J. Quill 

^ ac «“ nt ° iractoc Ms. Joan L. Godfrey 

14 Dir Data Processing Center Mr. Donald R. Ryley 

nu °* Public Relations Ms. Shirley Holin 

04 Administrative Assistant.... „ s . nancy Souther 



122 . 


13.SgSJCH05.gTTS 


BOSTON COLLEGE 


60 

Dean Public Communication 




53 



Chestnut Hill 02167 

County: Middlesex 

Telephone (6 17) 969-01 00 

Congressional District: 4 
FICE Identification: 002128 

57 

69 

Interim Dean School for Arts 


Entity Number: 1-04-2 10-3&99-A 1 

50 

68 

Interim Dean School Management 



49 



Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

Semester 




Highest Offering: Doctorate 

program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
professional 

Accreditation: EH, DUS, LAW, MUR, SH, TED, TIIEOL 
01 President. Rev. J. Donald Honan 

05 Senior Vice Pres-Doan Fac Rev. Joseph A. Panuska 

10 Financial Vice President. — He. John D . Smith 

04 Exe cutl ve . Vice President Dr. Francis B. Campanella 

32 Vice President student Affairs Hr. Kevin P. Duffy 

06 University Registrar. - Louise H. Lonabocker 

07 Dean Admis- Records- Pinan Aid Dr. John J. Maguire 

08 University Librarian.....,...;....... Dr. Thooas F. O'Connell 

45 Director of space Management Hr. Roderick G. Wallick 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. Paul J. Hannessy 

29 Exec Dir Aluanl Association..... Hr. John F. Hissler 

36 Director of Placement.. . . .. Hr. John B. Steele 

14 Director of Computing Center.... Mr. James T. Kidd 

15 Director of Personnel..... Hr. Leo V. Sullivan 

38 Dir Univ Counseling Services Hr. Heston H. Jonks Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Robert rt. Turner 

55 Dean of the Evening College Rev. James A. Hoods 

71 Dean of the Sumner Session Rev. George R. Fuir 

49 Dean Col Arts and Sciences..... Rev. Uilliam B. Heenan 

58 Dean Grad Arts and Sciences....... Dr. Donald J. White 

61 Dean of the Lav School Dr. Richard G. Huber 

70 Dean Grad Sch of Social work Dr. June G. Hopps 

66 Dean of School of Nursing. Dr. Mary A. Dineen 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Nary D. Griffin 

50 Dean School of Management. Dr. John J. Neuhauser 

♦ BOSTON CONSERVATOR!! OF HUS1C 

0 Fenway, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk ficb Identification: 002129 

Telephone (617) 536-6340 Entity Number: 1-04-212-6597-A1 

Established 1B67 Coed 

Enrollment: 424 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Teacher Preparatory ; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, HUS 

01 President B Treasurer Dale A. Duvall 

05 Dean........ leroy Johnston 

06 Registrar - Ann Vivian 

08 Librarian Cathy Balshone 


BOSTON UNIVERSITY 

Boston 02215 Congressional District: G 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002130 

Telephone (617) 353-2000 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3547-Al 

Established 1069 Coed 

Enrollment: 26,746 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $5,515 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Ell, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, CA, DENT, ENG, HS A, JOUR, 
LAH, MED, HUS, NUR, OT, PTA, SP, SH, TED, TIIEOL 

01 President............ John R. Silber 

03 Prov 6 Vice pres Ext Affairs Robert c. Hayfield 

05 Assoc Vice Pres Adminv Serv David E. Hollowell 

10 Vice Pres Finan and Bus Aff Charles W. Smith 

29 Vice Pres University Relations....... Daniel J. Pinn 

26 Yice Pres Labor-Pub Relations... Robert C, Bergenhein 

30 vice President fer Development... G, Steven Hilkerson 

13 Assoc Vice Fred Hgmt Info Jeffrey Lazarus 

15 Director of Personnel Robert V. Sveetall 

14 Vice President of Operations Ernest T. Corvo 

45 Vice Pres Admin Services..,.. Hary-Jane Hemperlay 

06 Registrar. Jon Haywood 

07 Exec Dir Admis-Financial Aia Anthony T. Pallett 

32 Interim Dean of Student Life..,-... Ronald L. Carter 

36 Dir Ctr Car-Pers Development Carol G. Moore 

08 University Librarian John P. laucus 

71 Director of the Summer Term Donald Dunbar 

55 Dean Metropolitan College Irwin Price 

73 Dean of Theology................ Richard Nesmith 

50 Dean Liberal Arts Geoffrey Bannister 

61 Interim Dean of Law William Schwartz 

63 Dean of Medicine...... Dr. John Sandson 

66 Interim Dean of Nursing....... Ann Burgess 

52 Dean School Graduate Dentistry.. Dr. Spencer Frankl 

54 Dean of Engineering. ..... Louis Padulo 

70 Dean of Social Work Hubert E. Jones 


BRADFORD COLLEGE 

South Haiti Street, Bradford 01830 Congressional District: 6 
county: Essex FICE Identification: 002132 

Telephone (617) 372-7161 Entity Number: 1 -04-210-3931 -A1 

Established 1B03 Coed 

Enrollment: 342 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President. Hiss Inge Heckel 

03 Vice Pres for Administration Harry J. Leeours 

•06 Registrar Hiss Elizabeth H. Knapp 

08 Librarian Sr. Loretto Driscoll 

04 Assistant to the President Mrs. Blaine H. Villett 

05 Vice Pres and Dean of College... Dr. Robert Forrey 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hrs. Ruth Anne Rogers 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Harriet L. Andrews 

30 Vice Pres of College Resources Dr. Anthony R. Deluca 

32 Assoc Dean Student Services Joseph P. Forgiano 


BRAN DEIS UNIVERSITY 

South Street, Waltham 02154 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002^33 

Telephone (617) 647-2000 Entity Number: 1 -04- 210-3S52-A1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,523 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $5,935 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President Dr. flaevee H . Bernstein 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dr. Jack S. Goldstein 

30 Vice Pres for Development Hr. Norman S. Pink 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Hr. Lester G. Loomis 

26 Vice Pres Adminv Affairs Hr. Peter T. Van Aken 

27 Vice Pres Public Affairs Hr. Amcam H. Ducovny 

09 Vice Pres and Secretary Dr. David 0. Steinberg 

45 Director of Budget Mr. Burton I. Hoffman 

04 Assistant to President Dr. Evelyn S. Simha 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. David l. Gould 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Barbara Tornov 

32 Director of student Affairs Hr. Drian H. Harcus 

08 University Librarian Vacant 

06 Registrar and Assistant Dean..... Dr. David A. Hanson 

15 Director Personnel services Hr. Louis J. Ennis 

25 Coord-Sponsored Research Hr. Joel H. Cohen 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. Lawrence H. Kirsch 

29 Director Alumni Relations Hs. Gladys R. Jacohson 

36 Director of Career Counseling. Ms. Harcie Schorr Hirsch 

57 Dean of the College Dr. Robert Evans 

58 Dean Grad Sch Arts 6 Sciences...., Dr. Robert J. Art 

70 Dean Grad Sch Social Welfare Dr. Stuart H. Altman 

CENTRAL HEN ENGLAND COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY 

768 Main Street, Worcester 01610 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 010306 

Telephone (617) 755-4314 Entity Humber: 1 -04 -247-0799- A i 

Established 1971 a 

Enrollment: 245 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,6bb 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lover 
Division 

Program: Professional 

Accreditation: EH .... 

01 President Dr. Edward Paul Hattat III 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Paul L. Ryan 

10 Treasurer Ht. V. Theodore Wade 

07 Dir of Admis C Financial Aid.......... Mr. Harrison R. Greene 

32 Director of Student services..,.. Hr. David W. Eaton 

08 Librarian Vl ° la n ?; 

49 Chran Engr & Sci Department........... Hr. Thomas P. 0 Connor 


♦CHArtBERLAYNE JUNIOR COLLEGE 

128 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston 02116 


County: Suffolk 
Telephone (617) 536-4500 


Congressional District: 8 
FICE Identification: 002138 
Entity Number: 1-04-116-65 17-A1 



giSS^C HU SETTS. 


Established 1892 Coed 

Enrollaent: 1,019 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,350 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: FILER, ORCB 

01 President.. Matthew J. Malloy 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff and Dean-...- Francis X. Cronin 

10 Chief Business Officer Sidney D. Kallaan 

OB Librarian... Ann Isaacson 

06 Registrar......... Donald Lucito 

07 Director of Admissions Cheryl cooke 

32 Director of Student Activities Ronald Chapman 

37 Director of Financial Aid.... Deborah Guaragna 

36 Director of Student Placement Samuel Alex 


CLARK UNIVERSITY 

950 Main Street, Worcester 01610 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002139 

Telephone (617) 793-7711 Entity Number: 1-04-211-1203-A1 

Established 1887 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,155 Undergraduate TuitioD and Fees: $5,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: EH, CLPSY 

01 President Dr. Mortiser H. Appley 

05 Act g Pro? 6 Vice Pres Acad Aff Dr. Harry C, Allen Jr. 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Hr. Janes E. Collins 

30 Vice President for Development. Mr. Thomas H. Dolan 

32 Dean of Students...,. Ms. Joyce T. Gibson 

06 Registrar Mr. Gerard T. Corcoran 

08 Librarian.......... Mr. Albert G. Anderson 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Richard W. Pierson 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. Sara Stott 

36 Dir Career Plan 6 Placement Dr. Spencer R. Potter 

25 Coordinator of Research Dr. Harry C. Allen Jr. 

29 Director of Alunni Affairs Mr. Roger Keith 

14 Director of Coaputer Center Mr. Alan E. Larson 

5B Act g Dean of Graduate School............ Dr. Roger Van Tas c el 

49 Dean of the College Dr. Walter E. Wright 

51 Dean Col Prof and Cont Ed Cr. Robert F. Campbell 


COLLEGE OF THE HOLY CROSS 


Worcester 01610 ' Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester PICE . 7 dentification; 0 02141 
Telephone (617) 793-2011 EDtity Nuaber: 1-04-210-3558-A1 
Established 1843 Cced 

2,510 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,600 
Affiliation: Boaan Catholic Seaester 
Highest Offering: Master's heaester 

Progran: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

!! • Rev. John E. Brooks 


04 Vice President. 


os »«. ce U . con...... ""iSSi'i 

os "f? 1 " 

SS 2IESKL- 

32 Dean of students II I j "! 

29 Aluani Executive Secretary III. Ilirick ! HcctrJh? 

36 Coordinator of Career Placing . DavU 5l lT n tlo ss 

30 Director of Developaent Re vl Francis , 

71 Director of Special Studies Randall K .*BuJkJ" 

COLLEGE OF OUR LADY OF TBE ELMS 

291 Springfield Street, Chicopee 01013 

county' Ha.odpn Congressional District: 2 

“sifts:. «■ 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 rear Baccalaureate Seaester 

“* “" a T9i " k “ 

11 President... _ u 

13 Vice President.. l • 7 Km Doole l' 

15 Acadeaic Dean... ’ S * aacia “ aurice Harrington 

10 Treasurer ‘U' ’ , v * 5 a ? y ,!* Honnen 

12 Student Personnel Officer.. ..'II.'IM *' sr 

6 Registrar **'**** Sc * Haur ®en Kervick 

? Director of Ad.issionsI IIM HH * Sr ‘ 

8 Librarian . ............... ac. Peter Hiller 

6 Director of Student Placeaantll 1 1 II II* ‘ ** * * Sr ’ -l! 11 !? BcA };f ce 

7 Director Inforaation Service . ........ ''1 ? a ^ yShea 

9 Director of Alumnae Relations I.. niss 7 

. Director CO.U.uL, Sducatio. 


CURRY COLLEGE 

1071 Blue Hill Avenue, Milton 02186 

Congressional • District : H 
County: Norfolk FICE Identification: 002143 

Telephone (617) 333-0500 Entity Number: 1-04-21 9-9G67-A1 

Established 1879 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,215 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $4,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 President Dr. William L. Boyle Jr. 

05 Dean of the College Me. Edward H. Hastinqs 

10 Controller Ernest F. Marchl 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Dana K. Denault 

08 Librarian Dr. Marshall T. Keys 

30 Director of Alumni Relations Ms. Gretchen M. Baker 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Warren S. Bazirgan Jr. 

32 Dean of Student Life Dr. Barry I,. Jackson 

51 Director Continuing Education Mr. James G. Salvucci 

DEAN JUNIOR COLLEGE 

99 Main street, Franklin 02038 Congressional District: 3 

County: Norfolk FICE Identification: 002144 

Telephone (617) 528-9100 Entity Number: 1 -04-210-4 149- A 1 

Established 1865 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,056 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,995 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 President Richard E. Crockfocd 

05 Dean of Acadeaic Affairs Harry L. Kreslipane 

10 Vice Pres Adminv Affaire K. R. Malone 

06 Registrar Peter D. Hughes 

07 Director of Admissions Steven T. Briggs 

08 Librarian.. Jerald Dacha 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Carole Andrews 

32 Dean of students.... Alfred D. Nicholson 

26 Dean of Public Affairs John W. carpenter 

51 Dir Ctr Continuing Education James R. Brown 

EASTERN NAZARBNE COLLEGE 

23 East Elm Avenue, Wollaston 02170 

„ t ..... Congressional District: 11 

county: Norfolk FICE Identification: 002145 

Telephone (617) 773-6350 Entity Number: 1-04-210-5777-A1 

Established 1900 Cood 

77 ? . Undergraduate luition and Pees; $2,520 

Affiliations Church of Nazarene 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President n „ 


05 Dean. 


Dr. Donald Irwin 


06 Registrar PlnaDCial Affairs.' ! ' I .‘I I I *M r * lS? 

29 Sirect^r L ? 6ntS Hc8 - Janet Lanha “ 

37 SiJeStoJ of siudair;;,; RichaEa pochard 

oi uirector or Student Aid ••••«• # « * 4 . 4 - # __ _ w r s. fiortrnrtA p.i 
36 Director Placeuent Services... Dr. Donald P. Brickley 


♦EMERSON COLLEGE 

148 Beacon Street, Boston 02116 
County: Suffolk 
Telephone (617) 262-2010 
Established 1880 
Enrollment: 1,888 Underat 


Congressional District: 8 
fice Identification: 002146 
Entity Number; t-04-128-6950-A1 

Coed 


jssriuya... Iam °" 

Highest Offering: Master's Trimester 

anUrfa?: ^ beca l Acts and General; Professional 
Accreditation; EH 
01 President.. 

£ as 5= 

3 j :: : : : : ksrsss 

45 Director Planning and Budget . . . .. .** * * * i' M £l„iel Po*™«kv 
10 Controller y ....... Be. Daniel Posansky 

06 Registrar. ...Ill ** Mc ‘ *• Spidle 

37 Director of Financial' AidI 1 1 1 " C 1 

07 Director of Admissions II'' a r ,* Jo * n 5 karr 

08 Director of the Library Rolen H * £ rbfis 

32 Dean of Students 1‘* ”?* , Donna L - Tci PP 

5 . »ir » £ co.ti.uu, i i. r SS5 



181 


MASSACHUSETTS 


EHMANU EL CCLLEGE 

400 the Fenway, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002147 

Telephone (6 17) 277-9340 Entity Number: 1 -04-21 0-5769- A1 

Established 1919 women 

Enrollment: 1,068 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,050 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P ro fess ional 
Accreditation: Eli 

01 President Sr. Janet Eisner 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Haricn Kilson 

10 Vice Pres for Business-Finance Mr. Thomas Goldrick 

32 Dean of Students Sr. Mary Teresa Kelleher 

06 Registrar... Sr. Mary B. Barrett 

07 Act g Director of Admissions..... Ms. Jane Leach 

06 Director of the library Sr. Maura Meade 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hiss Anna C. McCarthy 

38 Dir Ccunsel-Career Services Sr. Ann Rachel Sharry 

51 Dean Continuing Education Sr. Hary Ellen O'Keefe 


ESDICOTT CCLLEGE 


Beverly 01915 Congressional District; 6 

County: Essex FICE identification: 00214Q 

Telephone (617) 927-0585 Entity Humber: 1-04-2 1 0-3567- A 1 

Established 1939 Women 

Enrollment: 823 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,165 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President . Dr. Carol A. Ilavkes 

10 Vice Pres fcr Business Affairs Mr. Edward E. Brindle 

03 Vice Pres for Administration Hr. Richard s. Dutrov 

26 Vico Pres fcr Public Affairs Hr. William A. Rennie 

05 Academic Dean Mr. John L. Mersfelder 

06 Registrar Mrs. Kathryn G. Klinger 

07 Director of Admissions Miss Juiie H. O'Connor 

08 Librarian Mrs. Priscilla Schneider 

34 Dean of Students Miss Marcia 1. Atkins 

29 Director of Alumnae Relations. Miss Dorothy Dente 


BPISCOPAL DIVINITY SCHOOL 

99 Brattle street, Cambridge 02138 Congressional District: 8 
County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002149 

Telephone (617) 868-3450 Entity Number: 1 -04 -2 10-5768 -A 1 

Established 1857 Coed 

Enrollment: 134 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Protestant Episcopal Semestor 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program; Professlcnal 
Accreditation: 111 E Cl, 

01 Dean... V Rev. Harvey H. Guthrie Jr. 

05 Director of Degree Programs.... Er. Edward H . Stiess 

08 Director of the library Mr. Allan J. stifflear 

30 Director of Development. Mr. John B. Tillson 

06 Registrar Ms. Marcia P. Holden 

10 Business Manager... Mr. Charles E. Norton 


♦ESSEX AGRICULTURAL AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

562 Maple, llathorne 01 937 Congressional District: 6 

County; Essex FICE Identification: 011157 

Telephone (617) 774-0050 Entity Number: 1-04-600-1423-A 1 

Established 1912 Coed 

Enrollment; 694 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $400 
Controls Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV 

01 Director.. Mr. Raymond F. Potter 

05 Dean Post Secondary Programs... Mr. Gustave D. Olson Jr. 

07 Admissions Officer Hr. Lucien A. Archaobault 

10 Bus Manager and Eursar... Mr. Frederick L. Murtagh 

08 Librarian. Mrs. Betty G. Shevfelt 

45 Research and Planning Officer............ Dr. Majorie Hensley 

26 Public Re 1 Coordinator Mr. Francis M. McGee 

32 Student Affairs Coordinator . Mr. James J. Corbett 


FISHER JUNIOR COLLEGE 

118 Beacon Street, Boston 02116 Congressional District: 8 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002150 

Telephone (617) 262-3240 Entity Number; 1-04-2O0-5934-A1 


Established 1903 Coordinate 

Enrollment; 3,025 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,350 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EU 

01 President Richard A. Boudreau 

03 Vice President Administration Elizabeth V. Little 

05 Academic Dean Rodney J. Hinkle 

07 Dir Admissions- Alumni Affairs Peter T. Mitchell 

08 Librarian....... Ellinor Pedersen 

32 Director of Student Services Margaretta Arnold 

10 Comptroller- Bu siness Manager........ Ralph E. Brooks 

06 Registrar Irene c. Checkovich 

26 Dir Advertising-Pub Relations........ Roberta Riel 

51 Director continuing Education Vacant 


FORSYTH SCHOOL OF DENTAL HYGIENISTS 


140 the Fenway, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 003967 

Telephone (617) 262- 5200 Entity Number: 1 -04-2 10- 4230- A 1 

Established 1916 Coed 

Enrollment: 202 Undergraduate Tuition ami Fees: $3,960 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor' s Credi table 
Accreditation: Dll 

01 Director Forsytb Dental Center Dr. John W. Hein 

10 Treasurer Hr. Donald W. Northrop 

06 Dir Adaissions-Begistca r Ms. Andrea Walgren 

08 Librarian..... Ms. Patricia A. Palermo 

36 Dir of Placement Services.... Ms. Patricia M. Connolly Atkins 
52 Dean School of Dental Hygiene Er. Ralph R. Lobene 


FBANKLIH INSTITUTE OP BOSION 

41 Berkeley Street, Boston 02116 Congressional District: 8 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002151 

Telephone (617) 423-4630 Entity Number: 1-04- 210-3576-A1 

Established 1908 Coed 

Enrollment; 699 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,070 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Seoester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: EV, ENGT 

01 Oirector Michael C. Hazzola 

05 Dean of the Faculty Richard N. Beaton 

10 Dursar Manoog S. Young 

06 Registrar Nary Landrigan 

08 Librarian Bonnie Wilson 

32 Dean of Students Murray L. Shapiro 

36 Dir Industl Rel and Placement Kathryn C. Simpson 

07 Director of Admissions Frederic B. Taintor 


GORDON COLLEGE 


255 Grapevine Road, Venhao 01984 Congressional District: 6 
County: Essex FICE Identification: 002153 

Telephone (617) 927-2300 Entity Humber: 1 -04 - 210-4258-A i 

Established 1809 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,000 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,826 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH, MUS 

01 President Dr. Richard F. Gross 

03 Senior Vice President Dr. Gordon R. Werkema 

05 Dean of the college Dr. 5). Judson Carlberg 

10 Vice president for Finance Mr. Kenneth C. Colby 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Stanley D. Gaede 

0B Librarian Hr. John Beauregard 

07 Dean of Admissions.......... Mr. David F. MacMillan 

06 Registrar Miss Florence tfinsor 

37 Financial Aid Officer..... Mr. Theodore Y. Rodgers Iv 


GORDON-CON WELL THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

130 Essex Street, South Hamilton 01902 

■ Congressional District: 6 
County: Essex TICE Identification: 009747 

Telephone (617) 468-7111 Entity Number; 1-04-246-3847-A1 

Established 1884 Coed 

Enrollment: 660 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees; $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates .. 

Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 Chief Executive Officer... Dr. Lloyd A. Kalland 





162 


0 5 Academic Dean „„ _ 

10 Business Manager II!!!!! D „1 Ga f th . M - 

32 Dean o t Students i . T ! f ide11 

06 Director Q f R Pn f Mr ’ Dean ”■ Pedersen 

56 u! ;S2J It 

HAMPSHIRE COLLEGE 
Amherst 01002 

Countv Congressional District: 1 

2SKSW J 5a,”-« - 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 56^440 
control: Independent nonprofit „ 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

10 Treasurer. * Dr ‘ Peniria «• Gla 2 er 

07 Director of A emissions! !! !! 1 1 T ° E ? ey 

00 Director of Data Services * u ^ , Deveer Jr. 

05 Director of the library.. !JI!!JI.\"'" " r»^ Clt f 1 ' 

15 Director of Personnel.: . . !I !! k s »SL 

06 Director of Central Records «! * n °5 ea A " Giam 

37 Director Financial Aid I! Mrs xSthleeJ l' 

49 “ f 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 

Corn tyf ^Middlesex Congressional District: 8 

s;ffi 4 L a ,6 ; 6 7 i,“ a5 - ,oM *»*“« ..JtS^si.T-KsiaSSi;; 

£zsi?tt*:xiL »on“"? r>au “ e “* »«. «sa 

Kighest Offering: Doctorate semester 

^^Professional* ^ G9fte “ 1; Teacher Preparatory; 

ACC 5? d D^“%V™5r' BUS ' ENG ' IPSr ' MM. 

01 President 

10 Financial Vice President!!! .Derek C. Bok 

06 University Library Director.. Thouas O'Brien 

25 Director of Research contracts I!"*; ° BCar Uandlln 

*1 l* ce p «s Alumni Aff E Develop. . II.’ !!!‘* y F ?!5 9 ? al, f?? ck 

15 Director of Personnel V Fred *“ GlltD P 

73 Dean of Divinity. Daniel Cantor 

56 Dean of Contiauicg*BdGcation!.‘!I!.‘!!!; Ru ? p 

49 Dean Faculty Arts and Sciences.. ^ hina ^ e 

5 8 Dean Grad Sch Arts 6 Sciences... M ?* c * Rosovsk y 

61 Dean of the Lav School... .Edvard Keenan 

63 Dean of the Medical School "I * lb ? c * H * Sacks 

52 Dean of Dentistry Daniel Tosteson 

48 Dean Design and Architecture! !! 1 1 1! _ G ° ldh * bar 

50 Dean Business Administration. .. , v ,^ d £* ' 1CCue 

59 Dean of Public Health * John H. McArthur 

53 Dean of Education.... Uovard ||. Hiatt 

Paul N. Ylvisaker 

IE B REV COLLEGE 

Br ° 0kline 02,46 F congressional District: 4 

2£ift:U•^l, a ^ ,,,0 entity tsr^ss^wg!!? 

Cont col ^independent ■ c^Kr 9 "^ 8 T “ ition and *"•* «X 

Highest Offering: Master's Semester 

Progran: Liberal Arts and General' TpArUr a-.-. 

Accreditation: EH ’ Teacher Preparatory 

1 President and Dean of Faculty., 

5 Associate Dean, *' 


„ Eli Grad 

6 Bursar and Registrar!!! II Michael Libenson 

8 Librarian... Ja Y J« Kroopnick 

* Maurice S. luchaan 

1ELLE MIC COLXEGB-HCLY CROSS GREEK ORTflODOX SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 

cou ItT'lortlir' 021,6 District: . 

Telephone (6 17} 731-3500 Entity' 5„iJ«!!^ i S?4S ns 002154 

Established 1937 Entity Number: 1-04-221-8946-A1 

Enrollment: 182 CJnderaraA,,:,*-,, t ...» Coed 

Affiliation: Greek Orthodox Tuition and Fees: $2,200 

Highest Offering: Haster's Seaester 

Pr °i CGfesHiora I 1 a " a ««"«■: Prep,r,t»r I: 

Accreditation: EH, tkeol 


0 1 President 

08 Director of the Libraries! 1 1 1 1 1 II I * I R e5’ » Sl ° n 

l“ ".K.S/Sl'JSiiSiJi'iS 1 ”«- r ^asimL T M^ a d ^ s S 

37 Bursar.. Rev * Alkiviades Calivas 

27 office of pibiiri;^;;!;*!;:;;;;;:::; HES ‘«?r% t nnhi GV ut t hf 

26 Office of Public Affairs rSl Sophia lllbi 

73 Dean Graduate School Theology rSJ stani Pa P an * cko J as 

49 Dean Ondergradua te College I!!: Ull R^lSaei Rj^S 

+ KATHARINE GIBBS SCHOOL 

21 Marlborough street, Boston 02116 

county: Suffolk ficf" id^tt?" al * DistCict : 8 

si:s°::.d <, ]; , , 7 “ 2 ' 22so 

sssrsi.s« .. ^sssrsssr — - •- »-i°ps 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

?® rBinai Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: JRCB 
01 Director. 

10 Business Manager. Hlss Har >' E - Sullivan 

07 Director of Admissions! ! I i™*"! 8 HacGilvca y 

08 Librarian Mcs ' Marilyn C. Allen 

36 Director of Placement! k ' 1 1 HisS J Anne L< Ievis 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts B * Alexandra H. Retelle 

50 Director secret.ri.l swaii;: ! I ” | ” " " . 

LABOURB JDNI0R COLLEGE 

2120 Dorchester Avenue, Boston 02124 

county: Suffolk p T ^ n ?f efis f onal Diatric t: 9 

^SLi 6 !^, 296 - 8300 Entity Numbecf 1 1-04-213-4018- A^ 

catho;;c er9radUate TUiti0n and Fees: $2^900 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

i;s:siat a i5r.R 1 ;S!: Uir Bachflior,s «-it.bi. 

05 Ac«dIJiS C Dean!?f II !!!!!’*'**.' Sr * Ha “ reen st Charles . 

10 Business Manaoer.. Hr ’ JoSB P h McNabb 

00 Librarian......... Mr ‘ “arold Braudis 

04 Assistant to the ’ Pres id!nt II Hr ‘, Th « ma s J- Kosman 

06 Registrar " Mrs * Gloria A. Carritte 

32 Dean of Student' Sei! ices! ! 1 1 1 F i° ra J °y ce 

07 Director of Admissions hJ vif i[ ?!!" Garter 

27 Director College Information..! Ms. ^.lizabeth Fleming 

37 Student Finance Coordinator.! I mA s ^ anlQy Bu nson 

51 Dir of Continuing Education... Hr” d J ° aane Nalson 

66 Chairaan of Nursinq.... G * NcKenna 

72 Chairman of Dietetics HiSS « . Barrett 

00 chair. an Respiratory Therapy : ! ! ! I ! 1 1 

LASELL JUNIOR COLLEGE 
Newton 02166 

County: Middlesex - Congressional District: 4 

Established^185 1 2l, ^~ 20 °° SSiaSal^S? 

Controlfindependent Nonjrof Tuition and Pees - £ 0 ] 2 

«r f >roAH 1 ff Uy Bachelor 's Creditable ' 2 YSaC 

Accreditation: EH 

01 President.......... 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs * Arthur M. Griffin 

10 Treasurer * Gerald Bazer 

06 Registrar ...*.* Robert s. stoller 

07 Director of Admissions! ! 1 1 ! I Maureen F. Carey 

08 Librarian Harry G, Adamian 

32 Dean of Students!."!!." * Nancy b. Isaacs 

25 Director of Financial Helen R. Wallstron 

37 Director of Financial Md ^?!H Hiizabeth H. Shortleff 

29 Director of U..... Ml.tlo.., . .L ! I.' | ! | 1 . ^.“So'rtL" 

LESLEY COLLEGE 

C " bria9B 02138 congressional District: 8 

sssrisa- ho .ssr - -** -» 8 «"s 

Highest Offering: B.yona Raster's Mt la3a Ilan Doctor f?r 



183 


MASSACHUSETTS 


Program: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 president..- Dr. Don A. Orton 

03 Executive Vice President Hr. Robert 0. Levis 

05 Vice Pres Undergrad School Er. George L. Miller Jr. 

10 Vice Pres Financial Attairs Mr. John G. lacker 

27 Vice President Public Affairs Hr. Donald A. Hiltner 

06 Director Registrar Functions.. Miss Jean M . Monahan 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Hartha B. Ackerson 

08 Director of Libraries-Planning Dr. Janies J. Slattery 

26 Director of Public Relations He. Janes K . Blake 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Ms. Ruth Anne Jaffe 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. John P. Joyce 

36 Director of Student Placement Ms. Margaret- Mary McDonald 

32 Chief student Life Officer Ms. Carla Oliveci 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Manuel Thomas 

51 Director Continuing Education Ms. Mary fluegel 

58 Vice Pres Graduate School Dr. Richard E. Wylie 

MASSACHUSETTS BOARD OF REGIONAL COMMUNITY COLLEGES 
♦ SYSTEM OPFICE 

470 Atlantic Avenue, Boston 02210 congressional District: 8 
County: Suffolk F1CE Identification: 002166 

Telephone (6 17) 727-1260 Entity Number: 1-00-031- 3722-A1 

01 President...... John R. Buckley 

05 Executive Director John V. Costello 

06 Adainv Asst to Pres of Board Karen Starr 

10 Dir of Administrative Affairs - . Vacant 

45 Director Educational Affairs Grace Mealy 

09 Affirmative Action Director Beverly Earle 

25 program Development Officer Michael Najarian 

26 Staff Assistant Jan Quigley 

15 Director of perscnnel lavrence Reeves 

54 Director Engineering Services Joseph G. Pyne 

♦♦BERKSHIRE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

West Street, Pittsfield 01201 Congressional District: 1 

County: Berkshire F2CE Identification: 002167 

Telephone (413) 499-4660 Entity Humber: 1-04-600-2204-A2 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,181 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fee s (I n-Stata) : *447 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR 

02 President Jonathan M. Daube 

05 Dean of the Faculty Donald L. Herdaan 

32 Dean of Students.... Alexander A. Wacshav 

10 Dean of Administration Pasgualino Capeci Or. 

30 Director of Development - Nancy Cleaens 

07 Director of Admissions Richard M. Geclach 

06 Registrar....... Arthur M. Blum 

08 Librarian Barbara llotchberg 

36 Director of Placement Service Roger Guachione 

30 Transfer Counselcr . John J . Doscher 

51 Actg Dir Continuing Education Leonard P. Hadzy 

♦BRISTOL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

777 Elsbree street. Fall River 02720 

Congressional District: 10 
county: Bristol FICE Identification: 002176 

Telephone (6 17) 678-2811 Entity Number: 1-04-6 17-0720-A 1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,172 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State} : *529 
Control: State semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, DB 

02 President Ms. Eileen Farley 

05 Actg Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Albert D. Roy 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Jack R. Warner 

10 Dean of Administration Hr. Parker Fredericks 

07 Director of Admissions • Miss Patricia E. Scott 

06 Registrar....... -... Mr. Donaia V. Knapnan 

08 Librarian Mr. Richard A. Sobel 

45 Chief Planning Officer.... Hr. John G. Fonseca 

37 Actg Dir Student Financial Aid Ms. Rolande C. Sullivan 

36 Director Student Counseling Dr. Joseph P. Motta 

36 Director Student Placement......... Dr. James C. Crosson 

15 Director of Personnel Services........ Hr. William B. Collins 

51 Dean of Continuing Education.............. Ms. Janice C. Motta 


♦BUNKER Hill COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Rutherford Avenue, Boston 02:29 Congressional District: 8 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 011210 

Telephone (617) 241-8600 Entity Nuober: 1 -0u -600-228U -II 

Established 1973 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,411 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *530 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Eelov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, JIMT, HUE, RAD 
02 President Hr. Harold E. ShiveLy 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Sheila B. Beyer 

10 Dean Administrative Services........ Hr. Alan M. saval 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Mr. Frank E. Truesdale 

32 Dean of Student Development Dr. Patricia E. Chisholm 

25 Dir Prog DeveLop and Research Mr. Paul H. Buckley 

07 Director of Admissions..... Ms. Kathleen S. Teehan 

06 Registrar Ms. Susan F. Donnelly 

08 Head Librarian Mr. John J. Hawkins 

14 Director of Computer Center.. Mr. James N. McCann 

15 Director of Personnel Services. Mr. John E, Murphy 

19 Director of Security Mr. Gerald Svallox 

37 Dir of Stdnt Financial Aid Hr. Michael Kaplon 

36 Director of Student Placement............ Ms. Jessica R. Dill 

56 Dean of open College Mr. William H . craft 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. R. Drent Donah 

♦CAPE COD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Route 132, West Barnstable 02666 Congressional District: 12 
County: Barnstable FICE identification: 002168 

Telephone (617) 362-2131 Entity Number: 1-04-600-2284-A4 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,616 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $495 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, DH 

02 President - Dr. James F. Hall 

05 Dean of the college Dr. William D. Young 

32 Dean Stdnt Personnel Services Richard J. Sullivan 

10 Dean of Administration Dr. Daniel H. Asquino 

07 Director of Admissions Tina Segalia 

06 Registrar............ Ernest J. Cole Jr. 

08 Librarian Qre 9 M- Hnstecson 

37 Director of Financial Aid Dana A. Faria 

14 Director of Computer Center William Reiland 

51 Dean of continuing Education... Peter F. Bickel 

♦GREENFIELD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

College Drive, Greenfield 01301 Congressional District: 1 

County: Franklin FICE Identification: 002169 

Telephone (4 13) 774-3131 Entity Number: 1-23-709-0085- Ai 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,251 

Undergraduate Tuition and pees(In-state) : *367 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH 

02 President Dr. Nancy 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs.. Hr. Toby 

30 Director of Affirmative Action.... Hr, Robert 

10 Dean Administrative Services 

32 Actg Dean of Student Services 

07 Director Admissions 

37 Director Financial Aid • 

14 Director of Data Processing..... 

06 Registrar • 

08 Librarian.... 

55 Dean of Continuing Education.... 

50 Chairman Division of Business... 

49 Chrmn Behav Sciences Division... 

70 Chrmn Division of Humanities..., 

65 Chrmn Div Natural Sciences...,., 


♦HOLYOKE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

303 Homestead Avenue, Holyoke 01( 


County: Hampden- 

Telephone (413) ,538-7000 Zl 

Established 1946 - 

Enrollment: 4 ; 9 o o 
. Undergraduate Tuj 


i?».-SSHC BUSE S T S 


184 


Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNOB, DIET, HRT, BAD 

02 President David «. Bartley 

10 Dean of Adainistration Dennis A. Hannon 

03 Dean of the College Philip S. Campbell 

06 Registrar Victor E. Thomas 

14 Director Coaputer Center Frank F. Garstka 

07 Director of Admissions Janes D. Trace 

19 Director of Security Paul L. Lampron 

08 Dir Learning Eescurce center . Elizabeth E. Sheehan 

36 Director Student placeaent Killian F. O'Meara 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Button A. Butler 

37 Director Financial Aid Paul A. Baker 

SI Dean Continuing Education Anthony J. Pellegrino 

♦MASSACHUSETTS BAY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
50 Oakland street, Wellesley 02101 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Norfolk PICE Identification: 002171 

Telephone (617) 237-1100 Entity Hunter: 1-04-600-2284-B9 

Established 1961 Coe d 

Enrollnent : 4, 324 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *525 
Control: state Seaester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Tecainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
- Accreditation: EB, IHLTC, MRT , BAD 

in Preaid ® nb ** J" * John p * McKenzie 

10 Dean Administrative Services Daniel B. Hadeau 

05 Dean of Acadeaic Affairs Gerald L. Janey 

32 Dean of student Services Lawrence M. Goff 

06 Registrar. Vincent C. Dudley 

07 Director of Admissions Donald c. Rininger Jr. 

08 Director of Learrmg Fesources Charles F. Perkins 

♦MASSAS0IT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

One Bassasoit Boulevard, Brockton 02402 

... congressional District: 11 

county. Plymouth PICE Identification: 002177 

Estabiisk-d 05 6 m6 5e8 ' 9,0 ° Entity Humber: 1-04-600-2284-E6 

Enrollment: 6,230 Coed 

Control: State Undac9raduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $535 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Seaester 

Prograa: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADHUR, RSTH 

05 Dean^of "t he*Pacu lty ° C ; Ge ° rga E ' Ayecs 

00 Asst Dean of Acadeaic Affair! !!!!!!!!!!“!. 

32 Dean of Students i.rAi.Ir Ford 

10 Dean of Adainistration. ......[..V 9 £ doIIiS^T" 

04 Staff Associate to President "** *s‘ ° 

03 Exec Assistant tc President ” !* colin 

07 Director of Admissions "° ran 

06 Registrar..., ’ . F al “ E - Reese 

37 Director student Financiinid! !!!.* ...* SrBoSa^m^n 2 

14 Director of Data Processing ll R ^hJ; d T ^ bon a 

08 Librarian Wr * J ? hn leonard 

33 Asst Dean of Student 'services'. !!!!! 1*. !*.*.’* * HC- A l . 1 

36 Director of Placement Services 'R^hJrB i « t 

25 Asst Dean Adainv Services " * \" d /‘ "? cpAy 

27 Bedia Relations " Louis Colombo 

30 Dir Research £ Development!" „ H,:- m ? dvaca Lyons 

Coa ptroll ec„ . • . . # , € , * * ** Thonas Fallon 

15 Director Pewonael'services!!!! !**! 55* ‘!*!! s I . S !l ee !! an 

99 ° ivi ^ on Cha i r P e t son -Sciences I'' » 

53 Dir Chairperson-Humanities "J5 S * Caro1 Hoore 

51 Director Continuing Education...! " n r *? r9e s £ Donald 

00 Asst Dean Continuing Education... Dr. James P. Yess 

70 Dir Chair person- Human Services !!! " C %^“ 6 = yes * 

71 Dean Kontraditiocal Programs... ”5' R ? bect Pura 

’ * nc. Reno James 

MIDDLESEX COHNUNITY COLLEGE 
Springs Road, Bedford 01730 „„„ 

County: Middlesex ptck Ta eS fi«" ai District s 5 

Telephone (6 17) 275-8910 Identification: 009936 

Established 1969 Bntity Humber: 1-04-600-2284-C3 

Enrollment: 7,378 Coed 

Control: stole ™tio„ and 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 tear« Semester 

Program: Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's- t v„ 

Principally Bachelor's Creditable 1 ’ 2 ~ year 


Accreditation: EH, ADHUR, IDA, IDh , DT, MAC, RAD 
02 President Dr. James E. Houlihan Jr. 

05 Dean of Academic Affaire Cr. Carl Schilling 

10 Dean of Administration Mr. Edwin E. Moore 

04 Assistant to President Mr. Frederick D. Viaux 

06 Registrar Ms. Ann Vivian 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Arthur Paclin 

08 Director Library-Media Center Mr. Thomas c. Higgins 

32 Dean Student Pers Services Dr. Karen T. Rigg 

38 Director Student Counseling Ms. Evelyn Clements 

37 Dir Stdnt Finan Aid-Placement Hr. Hilton Kirstein 

51 Dean Div Continuing Education Mr. Ralph Soderberg 

♦MOUNT KACBUSETT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

444 Green Street, Gardner 01440 Congressional District: tt 

County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002172 

Telephone (617) 632-6600 Entity Number: 1 -04 -600- 2204 -C« 

Established 1963 Coe<1 

Enrollment: 3,334 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ( In-State) : 1539 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ell, ADNUR 

02 President...... Dr. Arthur F. Haley 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Michael c. Brookes 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. ll0 hn P. Hogan 

10 Dean Administrative Services Mr. Stanley T. Moak 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Robert II. Gilman 

nn ??? lat 5 ar «*• Armand J. Landry 

b ^ tora f ian Mr. Mason T. Parker 

10 Director of Computer Center Mr. Henry B. stolz Jr. 

36 Director of Placement Ms. Carol E. Beargeon 

nl» eCt F C . 0f . 4 d "t SSi0 ^ s sidne V Goldfadec 

hi Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Richard F. Fox 

♦NORTHERN ESSEX COMMUNITY COLLEGF 

Elliott Street, Haverhill 01830 Congressional District: 6 

County: Essex FICE identification: 002174 

EstahfiRhJ 6 ioL 37l< * 0721 Entity Number: 1 -04-249-0732-A 1 

Established 1960 

Enrollment: 6,534 L0 

Control- state Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $450 
Dighest Of fering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years semester 

Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUn, MRT , RAD, RSTII, RSTIIT 

04 Assistant to the President Cr. Jack p V W^sonn 

ll Se.Tof'.t^L^T' 10 * * * * 15 " 

10 Dean of Admfn *5 fairs Dt. RobQrt E. McDonald 

«!sa 

06 SeolsErar Ad " issions «a. Elizabeth II. Cole 

37 nir Mr * Allen Felisborto 

14 Coordinator Computer Services! !!!!!!.’!! .”5r . "iiSight l' Killam 
51 »«„ Cont Ed and c.t, Se t,ic«s I . "5” Joki 

♦NORTH SHORE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

County :'Essex Cly ° 1915 Congressional District: 6 

Telephone (6171 9 ? 7 -ufl^n Identification: 002173 

Established 1 9 U * ntity Nunber: 1-04-600-2284-C5 

Enrollment: 2,366 Coed 

control: state Undecgrad ua te Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $450 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

02 SteSJS”! 0 " 1 »»». BSTIi 

04 Assistant to the'pre^ ' Dc> George Tradeoff 

05 Dean of the Facultv Hr * J °seph Masterson 

10 Dean of Administratis !!!;:!!!! !! ll Hr ‘ Pa “ 1 Fr y dc y^ 

32 Dean of Student Services . Hc * J ’ Drisc o1-l 

08 Dir Learning Resource cenJir* ' ‘ * Dr * Lillia l> Derderian 

15 Personnel Officer Cente r Mr, John Gaboury 

14 Director Data Proieisi™ * petQr Martel 

27 Dir Pub Info-Publicat i * V Mr * R 09 a r Banville 

37 Financial Aid Officer **• Ms - Matthev Rillovick 

07 Director of Admission!; >* Mr * Rona ld Prentice 

06 Registrar..... * * Mr. Norvel Rice 

36 Director Student’piiceieni ‘ * * .* * ' Hr ‘ Riol » ard Matnes 

38 Director of student Counsel Ms * Gheryl Finklestein 

51 Dean of Continuine Hr * John O'Donnell 

Dr. Anthony Cotoia 



1 65 


HASS AC H U SETTS 


♦QUINS IGANOND COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

670 Hast Boylston Street, Worcester 01606 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002175 

Telephone (6 17) 053- 2300 Entity Number: 1-04-600-2284-F2 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,062 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $560 
Control: State Semester 

Uighest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ell, Dll, NUR, 0T, RAD, RSTIJ 

02 President.... Dr. Clifford S. Peterson 

10 Dean of Administration - Kevin J. Kiernan 

06 Registrar.... John A. Chupka 

07 Director of Admissions Suzanne Potts 

OB Dir Learning Resource Center.... Wanda Crenshaw 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs. Margaret J. Watson 

32 Dean of Student Affairs.... Clement Gainty 

37 Dir Stdnt Finan Aid-Stdnt Serv Ann Carroll 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Surendra Singh 


♦ KOXBURY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

424 Dudley street, Roxbury 02119 Congressional District: 9 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 011930 

Telephone (6 17) 445-3040 Entity Humber: 1-04-600-2284-116 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment! 530 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $450 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3E1I 

02 President.... Mr. Kenneth w. Haskins 

03 Dean of Administration Mr. Harold M. Brabham 

45 Dean of Academic Affairs Cr. Booker T. Devaughn 

04 Assistant to the President Ms. Henrietta Ball 

32 Bean of Students Dr. Maxwell G. Whiting 

07 Director of Admissions Hs. Hazel V. Bright 

08 Librarian Ms. Monica Bend 

37 Dir-Stdnt Finan Aid-Placement Ms. Deborah Hill 

06 Dir Records and Registrar Hr. Stephen Veiga 

33 Director Student Activities Mr. Willie Dooker 

30 Dir Research 6 Development Ms. Lynette Jones-carradine 

♦SPRINGFIELD TECHNICAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Armory Sguare, Springfield 01105 Congressional District: 2 
County: Hampden FICK Identification: 008078 

Telephone (413) 781-7822 Entity Number: 1-04-244-4774-A1 

Established 19 67 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,527 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $525 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, IDA, DH, MAC, MLTAD, NMT, PTAA, 

HAD, RSTH, RTT 

02 President Dr. Robect C. Geitz 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs He. John H. Dunn 

10 Dean of Administration Mr. William A. Baker 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. John A. Stefferud 

15 Director of Personnel. Mr, Edward R. MacLosky 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Raymond M. Di Pasguale 

04 Assistant to the President Hr. James J. Dowd 

14 Dir Data Processing Services Mr. Thcmas F. Tetlov 

08 Director of Library Services Mrs. Tamson H. Ely 

06 Registrar..... Mrs. Athena P. Yecxos 

36 Director Placement Service Cel. Charles B. Zumwalt 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid.; Hr. Joel A. Friedman 

51 Dean Continuing Education.... Mr. J. Edward Smith 

MASSACHUSETTS COLLEGE OF PHARMACY AND ALLIED HEALTH SCIENCES 

179 Longwood Avenue, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002165 

Telephone (617) 732-2000 Entity Number: 1-04-210-4700-A1 

Established 1823 

Enrollment: 1,254 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,525 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate 
Pregram: Professional 
Accreditation: BK, PHAR 

Cl President.... Dr. Raymond A. Gosselin 

C3 Executive Vice President Dr. James Mickles 

05 Dean Dr. Sumner H. Robinson 

26 Vice Pres fer External Affairs Hr. Albert M. Pavlina 


15 Personnel Administrator Mrs. Susan Patterson 

08 Librarian Miss Barbara M. Hill 

06 Director of Student Records Mr. Paul A. lemaitce 

29 Director Alumni Relaticns Mr. Richard A. Goolkasian 

32 Dean of Students Cr. Douglas H. Kay 

30 Asst to Pres for Development. Mr. Janes I. King 

36 Director Student Place sent. . ....... ., Hr, Eurtrao A. Nicholas 

37 Financial Aid Coordinator Hiss Phyllis P. Leiboan 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Bruce P. Grigsby 

10 Business Manager Mr. David P. Holden 

51 Asst Dean 6 Dir Spec Progs Dr. Benjamin R. ftershenson 

67 Assoc Dean-Bir Div App Sci...... Dr. Harold I. Silverman 

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECH H010GY 

77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge 02139 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002178 

Tsle phone (617) 253-1000 Entity Number: 1 -04- 210-3594-A1 

Established 1861 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,053 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $6,200 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-u 

Highest Offering: Dcctcrate 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ARCH, BUS, ENG 
01 President Dr. Jerome B. Wiesr.er 

05 Provost Dr. Francis E. Low 

10 Vice Pres Finan Operations Mr. Stuart H. Coven 

30 Vice Pres Resource Development....... Dr. Samuel A. Goldblith 

25 Vice President for Research Dr. Thomas F . Jones 

26 Director Hews Office Mr. Robert H. Byers 

06 Registrar Mr. Warren C. Wells 

07 Director of Admissions Dc. Peter H. Richardson 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. Jay K. Lucker 

32 Dean for Student Affairs Dr. Shirley H. McBay 

27 Mgr Cam Information Services Ms. Kathryn W. Lombardi 

37 Director of Student Aid Nr. Jack II. Prailey 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Robert K. Weatherall 

15 Director Office Personnel Mr. Janes J. Cullitcn 

14 Dir Info Processing Services Hr. Weston J. Burner 

71 Director of the Sumner Session Dr. James M. Austin 

49 Dean Sch Hum and Soc Sciences Dr. Harold H. Hanhan 

54 Dean of School of Engineering Dr. Robert C. Seamans Jr. 

48 Dean Sch Arch and Planning Dr. Hillian L. Porter 

50 Actg Dean Sloan Sch Management Dr. Abrahaa J. Siegel 

S8 Vice Pres Dean Grad School Dr. Kenneth W. Adleigh 


MASSACHUSETTS STATE COLIEGE 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

250 Stuart Street, Dostcn 02116 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 002179 

Telephone (617) 727-4560 Entity Number: 1-04-600-2284-16 

01 Chancellor.. Mr. James J. Hammond 

03 Deputy chancellor Dr. Lawrence A. Quigley 

10 Vice Chanc Admin 6 Finance - Mr. John J. Horrigan 

15 Vice Chanc Pers 6 Labor Rel Mr. Eugene A. Calabro 

05 Actg Vice Chanc Acad Affairs Dr. Robert I. Randolph 

45 Vice Chanc Engineering Serv Mr. E. Edvard Rossi 

14 Director computer Services Mr. Joseph J. Yuska 

09 Coord Prog Develop 6 Planning Mr. J. P. Boucher 

65 Dir Ctr Intrnati Education Dr. Leonard J. Savignano 


♦BOSTON STATE COLLEGE 

625 Huntington Avenue, Bcston 02115 

Congressional District: 9 
county: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002182 

Telephone (617) 731-3300 Entity Number: 1 -04-600-2284-F3 

Established 1852 Coe 

Enrollment: 9,529 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) . $73 
Control: State Seueste 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Ell, HUR 

02 President Dr. Robert v. McCarth 

04 Assistant to tlje President..... Dc. John R. Rothera. 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr, James P. Jone 

10 Vice Pres Admin and finance. 

«6 KII* i-m.. 

07 Director of Admissions Nt. Edward A. 2-aleska 

34 Director of Financial Aid.... ■ Me. Anthony Ricciut 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Thomas Broderic 

15 Birgers and Office Management..... Ms. Shirley Wickaa 

27 Dir of Information Services..... Mr. Joseph Vaccar 

29 Director Alumni Relaticns............. Mr. James Rya 

4 5 Dir Planning and Development... Hr. William T. Morrisse 

55 Dean Eve (Indergrad College. . Dr. Theresa A. Hortime 



flASSicjjussixs 


186 


♦BRIDGEWATER STATE COLLEGE 

° 2 ^' 1 Congressional District: 10 

T?l?nhA FICE Identification: 002103 

LubfShed IJljO Entlty NUEt,er: 1 -0'*-^0-22&'.-A3 

Enrolment: 7,275 Coed 

„ Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-S ta te) : 1796 

Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master’s But Less Than Doctorate 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Professional 1 

Accreditation: EH, TED 

03 PYo^Jluo*’uVr;‘“ '1 Dr - Adrian Pondileau 

Sn D ? ic * Pl ; esident nr. V. James Dinardo 

n? nir« ! Affairs Dr. Wallace L. Anderson 

on nfro^ 5 ° Admissions Mr. Oaaes Plotner Jr. 

08 Director of Library On. cwen T. P. McGowan 

32 Vice pres otudent Services.. Hr. David P. Deep 

34 Assoc Dean Student Services Ms. « ar tha D. Jones 

ll nS <, SiS I /i n,IBCl 2 1 Ud Hr * Davld A « Morvick 

06 Lit Stdnt Rec and Registrar Mr. Thomas P. Walsh 

Rector CoBBunity Services nr. David k. Wilson 

30 f°D thS PcealdeBt Hs. Dorothy G. HcGann 

5 “ C ® C d °f p ?tscnnel Mr. Edward J. Heaney 

r a Pc€ ® *dnin and Finance Hr. Joseph E. chiccarelli 

58 Dean Grad 6 Cont Education Dr. Frank J. Hilfecty 

♦FITCHBURG STATE C01LEGE 

160 Pearl Street, Fitchburg 01420 Congressional District: 4 
County: Worcester Pics Identification: 002184 

Established' } 8 U ^ " Uaberr V -A8 

Enrollment: 5,670 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $765 
t.ont loi: State c p . A( .| Pr 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: Ell, NUR, TED 
02 President 

04* Assistant to tho President "carleton U. Laporte 

?! l\r* p reS ^ade B ic Affairs Patrick J. Delane? Jr. 

06 AdDLn *" d ?ir,ancB John J. Boursy 

U liitolill 2 SS-U ,*• “312: 

37 Financial Aid Officer Elizabeth V » ! 

51 SiL P Grad i r 9 d a ? d ® e ^ lQ F aent Francis X. Guindon 

51 Dean Grad and Cont Education j 0 i in p Nar1 . 

55 Dir eceor oe !v e nl«, 3eas io» U«.2! 

♦FRAMINGHAM STATE COLLEGE 

Framingham 01701 Congressional District; 4 
county: Middlesex FICE Identification- anoint 

EsSbS?shed 6 ]e39 62 °' 1220 EntltJ HUBber; 1 -0 1 *-600:2284-C6 

Enrollnent: 6,093 CaQd 

Control- state lIndec 3 raduate 'tuition and Fees (I n-sta te) : $772 
Highest Offering: Master’s Senester 

Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH, dDlET, ied 

05 Vice Pres Acadenic Affairs ..I..... . 

45 Vice Pres Admin and Finance Dr. Arthur’c' rh a »« 

06 Dir of Adainistrativa Services Hr. Dudley R Marsh 

07 Director of Admissions . Hr P Hi ’no h= 

10 Business officer... ..i... Hr 

08 Director of Library Services Mr. Stanley HcDoniid 

37 Assistant for Financial Aid.. . As nL Ser s 

32 Vice Pres Student Services r. Ln f c S 

14 Director computer Center . - . KrT 1 p« J ® 

51 Dean Grad Stdies and Cont Ed Dt . Joseph 1“ pJlKSSJ 

♦MASSACHUSETTS COLLEGE 0T ART 

364 Brookline Avenue, Boston 02215 Congressional District: 9 

Enrollnent: 2,005 _ Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees (In-State) ; $735 
coiitroJLj St3fc© , 

Highest Offering; Waster's er 

Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 


Accreditation: Eii, ART 

02 President c ,, , 

10 Vice Pres Admin and Finance ' .*.*.* *Dr* Morton ‘codine 

05 Vice Pres Acadenic Affairs Donald Lei-Mc 

32 Vice Pres Student Services David 0. McGaJern 

07 Director of Admissions.... Kav n an ,,rtpii 

06 Associate Dean and Registrar Steven Stavros 

37 tr* P J anndng and Develcpaent !!*.*.! "ilcn^Vo! Karolji 

36 ° f f -If nariclal Aid Dorothy Mar hin -Elford 

?6 ° Placement Margaret Johnson 

26 Director of Community Services... Paul McCaffrev 

71 Dean Grad and cont Education Dr. Dorothy Sim pso J 

♦MASSACHUSETTS MARITIME ACADEMY 

r^«n* rdS p Day ? 2 !!? 2 Congressional District: 12 

county. Barnstable FICE identification: 0021&’ 

Telephone (617) 759-5761 Entity Number: 1-04-600-2284-E4 

Established 1891 r ._. 

Enrollment: 890 

. Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $632 

Control: State Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: EK 

£? t9 Pres - Exe f President Como. William S. Handy 

37 vf Ce n C€S Acadeoic Adairs Capt. Geoff A. Kotte 

32 Vice Pres Student Services Capt, Walter j Pno 

07 Director S id d r in f and Finance - • • ■ ■ Capt. James F. Burke 

07 Director Admissions... Cdr. Thomas S. tee 

06 o° f C 5 aets Capt. EdHard Cassidy 

Sr ? t K C ° tdS G Reglstrar Cdr. David P. Lawrence 

0B Director Library Cdr. Maurice H. Bosse 

♦NORTH ADAMS STATE COLLEGE 

S n re t t f- Rorth AdaQS 01 247 Congressional District: 1 

Established 1894 r _._ a 

Enrollment: 2,959 

■ . , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $915 

Control: State 4-1-n 

Highest Offering: Master’s 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: Ell, TED 

04 Vice“pr es j| C f PrG0ident ‘Hr^Anthony"". P CeSdia 

08 iihr P - eS Student Affaii:s Dr. Raymond Sullivan 

Sfi Charles A. Mclsaac 

3R nl? oS l S ?r iC . S ‘ A ! U,ini Hc * ste P ,lGn «• long Jr. 

o? e fa 1 ? 9 ® ervlcas Dr. Joseph Deordio 

07 Director of Admissions M r. wiiiian west 

?1 Str I " s “ t " ti ° nal Research Dr. Patricia J. Prendergast 

51 Dir of Graduate-Cont Studies..... Dr . Marv m Fuoua 

75 Director Cooperative Education n r . James Snyder 

♦SALEM STATE COLLEGE 

352 Lafayette Street, Salem 01970 Congressional District: 6 
c orr FICE Identification: 002188 

Telephone (617) 745-0556 Entity Humber:' 1-04-600-2284-C8 

Established 1854 c = 

Enrollment: 8,114 

_ . . Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) t $760 

Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 1 

Accreditation: EH, NUR, SW, TED 

05 Vice“pJ Ve P r S ^r^*-*'"*****'** '^i'Adei H^A bu-Mousta f a 

?n ' ^ a f eai V f ? airS Dr ' Lilian' B. Mahaney 

37 vt L r€S A ^ B c* ! nd Finance Hi- Richard P. Marrs 

on Ir' J f student Services Dr. Winston E. Thompson 

ns nl'r 2fa I 2 S i ltUt f 0,l 5 1 Be f aa rc b- Mr. William D. oevitt 

Sfl S , t !i t R f cords 6 Registrar Mr. Henry P. Derouin 

?® 2f2f^ Ca e i 2 n **-; T Mr. Neil B. Olson 

37 °! Coa, P uter services.... Hr. Richard E. Delorey 

Vi F t nancial Aid K8. Corine w. Du Bose 

°5 Ad “issi®ns..... Dr. David A. Sartwell 

°l community services. ..V. ....... Mr. Peter Mazareas 

36 Affaics ••••■. Me. John W. Barrett 

°l Piaceaent:..................... Mr . Rlchacd Lavoie 

l* counseling.................... Dr . . James G. Stoll 

58 Dean Div of Grad ana Cent sa......... Dr. Nancy D. Harrington 



t*J b) l*t Uj 


18? 


MASSACHUSETTS 


♦WESTFIELD STATE COLLEGE 

Western Avenue, Westfield 01085 Congressional District: 1 

. County: Hampden FICE Identification: 002189 

Telephone (413) 568-3311 Entity Humber: 1-04-600-2284-C9 

Established 1038 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,239 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $774 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Ueyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Ell, TED 

02 President Er. Francis J. Pilecki 

03 Executive Vice President - Dr. Paul A. Harrotte 

05 Academic vice President Dr. John F. Nevir.s 

32 Act g Vice Pres c£ students Dr. Warren Hill 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. William H. Crean 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mrs. Susan L. Burkett 

06 Registrar Hr. Charles D. Hagan 

45 Bar planning and Development Hr. M. Godek 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Robert F. Green 

36 Director of Placement Services Hr. James McKenna 

08 Librarian Mr. Kenneth V. Cotton 

14 Director Computer Center Hr. Barry H. Murphy 

10 Chief Business Officer Mr. Paul Mei 

30 Chief Development Officer..... Mr. Garreth J. Lynch 

58 Dean Grad-Continuing Studies Dr. Harry A. Decker 

♦WORCESTER STATE COXLEGE 

486 Chandler Street, Worcester 01602 

Congressional District; 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002190 

Telephone (617) 752-7700 Entity Humber: 1-04-600-2284-F5 

Established 1874 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,273 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $765 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rofessional 

Accreditation: Ell, N NT , hub, ted 

02 President Dr. Joseph J. 0r2a 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Barbara Leondar 

1(1 Vice Pres Admin and Finance., Dr. Angelo R. Scola 

32 Vice President Student Service Cr. o. Clayton Johnson 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Loren Gould 

^5 Dir Planning and Development Mr. Joseph A. Minahan 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Joseph P. Scannell 

OB Dir Learning Resources Center Vacant 

14 Director Computer Services Hr. John R. Dowling 

15 Director Personnel Hrs. Helen G. Shaughnessy 

27 Director Community Services Mr. Maurice N. Poirier 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Walter J. Lennon 

37 Director Financial Aid Mrs. Dorothy c. Porter 

51 Dean Grad and Cont Education... Dr. William F. O'Neil 

HERRIMACK COLLEGE 

Kocth Andover 01845 Congressional District; 6 

County: Essex FICE Identification: 002120 

Telephone (617) 683-71 11 Entity Number: 1-04-210-373 1 -A 1 

Established 1947 • Coed 

Enrollment; 3,489 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,700 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Ell, ENG, TED 

0 1 President Rev. John A. Coughian 

05 Vice President and Dean Rev. Edward J. McCarthy 

25 General Counsel..... Earl V. Brown 

30 Director of Development ' Daniel W. Vecchitto 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance.. John A. Palsucci 

06 Registrar Rev. Paul c. Thabault 

07 Dean of Admissions..... Joseph Lee 

08 Librarian..... Stephen hi Bahre 

2 Vice Pres for student Services Rev. V. J. Murray 

4 Dean of Students Virginia G. O'Neil 

6 Director of Placement.. Paul J. Riley 

7 Director of Financial Aid.. Christine A. flordach 

50 Actg Dean Bus Administration....... Elliott H. Futetz 

51 Actg Dean Continuing Education....... Justine F. Juarez 


NO (I HZ HOLYOKE COLLEGE 

South Hadley 01075 Congressional District: 1 

County: Hampshire PICE Identification: 002192 

Telephone (413) 538-2000 Entity Humber: 1-04-210-3578-A1 

Established 1837 . Woaen 

Enrollment; 1,962 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,430 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's 


Program: liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President 

05 Dean of the Faculty 

10 Business Hanager 

04 Assistant to the President 

26 Secretary of the College 

08 Librarian 

32 Dean of Students 

30 Director of Development 

07 Director of A doission s. . 

06 Registrar 

36 Director of Career Services..,.. 

37 Director student Financial Aid.. 

29 Exec Dir Alucini Association 

27 Director Public Information 

14 Director of Computer Services... 

15 Director of Personnel 


Teacher Preparatory 

Elizabeth T. Kennan 

Joseph J . Ellis 

- • . ■ Herrill Swing 

Joan B . Davis 

........ Gwendolyn G. Glass 

Anne C. Ednonds 

Ruth E. Warfel 

Katharine S. Stevens 

Clara P. Ludwig 

....... Florence S. Kimball 

Charlotte K. Shea 

FatrLcia C. Waters 

Carolyn Berkey 

Irma L. Rabbino 

William 0. Bellows 

........ Robert E. Moynihan 


MOUNT IDA JUNIOR C0L1EGS 


777 Dedham Street, Newton centre 02159 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002193 

Telephone (617) 969-7000 Entity Number: 1-OU-210-4T36-A ' 

Established 1899 Coed 

Enrollment: 759 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: £3,150 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ell, DA 

01 President Dr. Bryan E. Carlson 

04 Chancellor Dr. F. Roy Carlson 

30 Asst to the President Hr. Paul Dunphy 

05 Dean of the College...... Mr. Ignacio Jauregui 

10 Treasurer ’. Nr. I. Ray Hopkins 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Kenneth Barone 

08 Librarian Ns. Caroline Soule 

36 Dir of Place- Alumnae Secretary Mrs. Helen Grimaldi 

03 Controller Dr. Edward Carlson 

32 Dean of Students Ms. Sheila Murphy 


NEWBURY JUNIOR COLLEGE 

921 Boylston Street, Boston 02115 congressional District: 8 
County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 007484 

Telephone (617) 262-9350 Entity Number: 1-04-245-2B84-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,461 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,770 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV, iADVIl, PTA A , RSTHT, RTT 


01 President Edward J. Tassinari 

03 Vice President-Provost Robert D. Saltzberg 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs. Richard Offenbetg 

10 Treasurer John Dates 

06 Registrar Susan Feller 

08 Librarian Patricia Ciejka 

32 Vice Pres stdnt Pecs Services Alain J. neyer 

07 Director of Admissions Charles Reynolds 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Renda Johnson 

51 Director Continuing Education Gerald Gignac 


NEW ENGLAND COLLEGE OF OPTOMETRY 

424 Beacon Street, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 00216U 

Telephone (617) 266-2030 Entity Number: 1-04- 159-1 060-A1 

Established 1894 j Co ®^ 

Enrollment: 364 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: so 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: First professional 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: EH, OPT . 

01 President Dr. P. Dow Smith 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Dr. Mary Scott 

10 Controller Mr. Arthur C. Roberts Jr. 

06 Registrar Fran V”°; 

08 Chief Librarian Mrs. P. Eleanor Warner 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr * 

09 Director Institutional Affairs Dr. Ediuna Walkovtak 

29 Director of Alumni Association Dr. Morns Berman 


2W ENGLAND CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC 

290 Huntington Avenue, Boston 02115 „ 

congressional District: 9 

:oun ty: Suffolk **CE Identification: 00219- 





MASSACHUSETTS 


18 B 


Telephone (617) 262-1120 Entity Humber: 1-23-722-5104-A1 

Established 1867 Coed 

Enrollment: C67 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $6,250 

Control: Independent Hcnprofit Semester 

Highest Offeriug: Deyorid Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program Teacher Piepaiatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Eli, HUS 

01 President.. Dr. James S. Ballinger 

05 Vice President Mr. Larry Livingston 

10 Vice President.. Hr. Andrew Palender 

04 Assistant to the President Dr. Peter Schoenbach 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. William J. Hahan 

06 Registrar Hs. Rita longstreth 

37 Pinancial Aid Director Hs. Melanie Allman 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Thurston Smith 

08 Librarian....... Ms. Geraldine Ostrove 

30 Director of Development Hr. Daniel Murphy 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. Gail Mangan 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hs. Joyce Bynum 

6b Dean..... Dr. Peter Hodgson 

71 Dean of Sumner School Hr. Chester W. Williams 

56 Director of Extension Division Hs. Nancy Carter 

HEW ENGLAND INSTITUTE OP APPLIED ARTS AND SCIENCES 

656 Beacon Street, Boston 02215 Congressional District: 8 

County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 010781 

Telephone (617) 536-6970 Entity Number: 1-04-218-2432-A1 

Established 1907 Coed 

Enrollment: 135 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Y6ars 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: EV, PUSER 

01 President Dr. Victor F. Scalise Jr. 

04 Exec Asst to the president Hiss Marjorie A. McKay 

05 Dean Dr. Bruce C. Pulslfer 

06 Registrar Hr. Paul A. Turgeon Jr. 

08 Librarian... Hrs. Nancy A. Thomas 

32 Chief Student Life Officer Hr. Paul A. Turgeon Jr. 

♦NEW ENGLAND SCHOOL OP LAW 

126 Newbury street, Boston 02116 Congressional District: 8 
County: Suffolk PICE Identif icaticn: 008916 

Telephone (6 17) 267-9655 Entity Number: 1-04-21 5-2671-A1 

Established 1908 Co6d 

Enrollment: 970 Undergraduate Tuiticn and Pees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: LAW 

01 Dean............... Hr. Thomas C. Fischer 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. John J. Daley 

£ 69 . ist ^ r Mr - 0ruce C. worthed 

09 librarian....... Hr. Frank s< H _ Bae 

37 Financial Aid Director Mr. John Caiazza 

36 Placement Director Miss Ellen Wayne 

NICHOLS COLLEGE 

Dudley 01570 Congressional District: 2 

County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002197 

Telephone (617) 943-1560 Entity Number: 1-04-2 10-4778-A1 

Established 1931 CQed 

Enrollment: 1,002 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,690 

Control: Independent Hcnprofit 

Highest Offering: Haster's semester 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

President ~ 

5 ***• :::::::::::::::: 

“ Ai'iiiiiiiAi;:::::::::::::::::: p i “s? 

38 Librarian .* a " 

26 Dir Pub Sel-Placeaent Services BrSce's^ker 

iORTHE ASTERN UNIVERSITY 
360 Huntington Avenue, Boston 02115 

romi-v Suffolk Congressional District; 9 

IsSbfisLiNeoe 437 ' 2000 SntitJ C Ju^e?:i-04-t6?:9§80-A? 

Enrollment: 40,566 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: ,3^5 
Control: Independent Nonprofit 

Highest Offering: Doctorate Quarter 


Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ADNUR, APCP, AUD, BUS, DA, ENG, ENGT , LAN, 
HLTC , MRA , HRT , HT, NUR, PHAR, PT A, RAD, RSTH , TEC 
01 President Dr. Kenneth G. Ryder 

04 Exec Asst to the President Hs, Barbara F. Durke 

05 Sr Vice Pres Acad Aff-Erovost Dr. Melvin Hark 

06 University Registrar Mr. Edmund 0. Mullen 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Philip !>. McCabe 

08 Dean of Lib-Lrng Resources Mr. Roland II. Moody 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Humberto F. Goncalves 

10 Sr Vice Pres for Business Mr. Daniel J. Roberts 

13 Dir Admin-Computer Services Mr. George F. Harris 

38 Dir Counseling and Testing Dr. Philip W. Pendleton 

14 Director Computation Center Mr. Walter E. Kearney 

15 Dean and Dir of Pets Services Mr. Philip La Torre 

19 Director Public Safety Mr. Joseph Griffin 

26 Vice Presidont Public Affairs Mr. Arthur w. orodeur 

27 Director Public Information Mr. Christopher Mosher 

30 Vice Pres Univ Development Mr. Eugene M. Reppucci 

29 Vice Pres Alumni Development Mr. Royal K. Toebes 

32 Sr Vice Pres Administration Mr. John A. Curry 

36 Vice Pres-Coop Education Mr. Roy L. Wooldridge 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Charles M. Devlin 

49 Dean of Liberal Arts Dr. Richard Astro 

51 Actg Dean Continuing Education Mr. Alan MacKey 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. David || . Blake 

72 Dean of Lincoln College Mr. William F. King 

61 Dean of Law Dr. Michael C. Meltsner 

55 Dean University College Mr. j 0 h n W. Jordan 

66 Dean of Nursing Ms. Juanita Long 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Harold Lurie 

67 Dean Phar-ilealth Professions Dr. Gerald E. Schumacher 

68 Dean Boston Douve-Education Dr. Paul Lopley 

♦PINE MANOR COLLEGE 

400 Heath Street, Chestnut Hill 02167 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 0022Q-’ 

Telephone (617) 731-7000 Entity Number: 1-04-232-1292- A1 

Established 1911 Women 

Enrollment: 615 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 54,466 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President.. Rosemary G. Ashby 

03 Vice President Operations William P. Person 

10 comptroller • Paul T . Kirk 

05 Academic Dean..* Burnham c. Carter 

30 Director of Development David a. Jones 

07 Director of Admissions Richard c. Plank 

32 Director of Student Affairs Katherine B. Durgin 

08 Librarian Artemis G. Kirk 

29 Director of Alumnae Relations jane 11, Christopher 

26 Dir Publications and Publicity Katherine K. Furlong 

06 Registrar Adriana F. Feuer 

38 Counselor Suzanne Harmon 

♦POPE JOHN XXIII NATIONAL SEMINARY 

550 South Avenue, Weston 02193 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002202 

Telephone (617) 899-5500 Entity Number: 1-0Q-031-5021-A1 

Established 1964 Hei) 

Enrollment: 60 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,650 

Affiliation: Roman Cathclic Semester 

Highest offering: Master's; Ho Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3THE0L 

ns Re f* oc :’-; Rev “ Ja[nes «• Deadder 

06 Academic Dean-Actg Registrar Rev. Peter V. Conlev 

08 Librarian-Dean of Students Rev . James L. Fahey 

29 President Alumni Association Rev. John Crowley 

QUINCY JUNIOR COLLEGE 

34 Coddington Street, Quincy 02169 

.. , 1U congressional District: 11 

FICE Identification: 002205 
Established 6 1958 706 " 0777 Entity Humber; 1-04-600-1409-A1 

Enrollment: 3,217 Coed 

„ „ ' , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $660 

control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; 3EH 

01 President nr. Edward f> pi(5rce 



189 


MASSACHUSETTS 


'5 Academic Dean . Dr. Dennis S. Bartow 

1 7 Dean of Administration fir. Hugo F. Saluti 

12 Dean of Students Dr. Linda Wilson 

0 Business Manager Vacant 

6 Registrar Mrs. Eileen c. Sullivan 

7 Director Information Office.... Ms, Toby E. Felton 

8 Coordinator Media Service... Vacant 

8 Coord Counseling Services Mr. Diehard Pesson 

9 Director Institution Research.. Hr. Edward J. Tumavicus 

6 Director Hursing Program.. Ms. Ellen Kennedy 

5 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. Richard I. Hula 


RACCLIFFE COLLEGE 

10 Garden Street, Cambridge 02130 Congressional District: Q 
County: Middlesex PICE Identification: 002156 

Telephone (617) 495-8105 Entity Humber: 1-04 -210-3619-A1 

Established 1079 Women 

Enrollment: 2, 320 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,745 

Control: Independent Monprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

1 President Mrs. Matina Souretis ilorner 

3 Vice President Hr. Burton I. Wolfman 

7 Dean of Admissions Hr. 1. Fred Jewett 

8 Director of the Library Mrs. Patricia H. King 

9 Asst Dean f cr Instnl Research Mrs. Charlotte HcGhee 

5 Director Personnel services Hrs. Mary Jane Edelberg 

6 Chief Public Relations Officer Hrs. Aida Press 

9 Director Alumnae Relations Mrs. Jane Opel 

0 Director of Development Mrs. Mary Cox 

2 Director of Student Life Ms. Simone Reagor 

6 Director of Student Placement Hr. Larry Maguire 

7 Assoc Dean Financial Aid Hrs. Martha Lyman 

8 Dir Alumnae-Career Services.. Mrs. Phillis Stein 

t Directory of Continuing Ed Hrs. Nancy Downey 

BGIS COLLEGE 

Weston 02193 Congressional District: 4 

County: Middlesex FXCE Identification: 002206 

Telephone (6 17) 053-1020 Entity Number: 1-04 -2 10-4451-A1 

Established 1927 Woman 

Enrollment: 1,222 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,595 

Control: independent Nonprofit u-i-4 

Highest Offering: Master’s 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: BH, SW 

1 President.. Sc. Therese Higgins 

> Academic Dean Er. Edward Hulbolland 

> Director of Finance Mr. Thoman Dewitt 

) Director of Development hrs. Clotilde Zannetos 

> Dean of Students Sr. Zita Fleming 

' Dir Admissions- Financial Aid Mr. Marshall Raucci 

> Registrar... Sr. Eatricia McDonough 

t Librarian....... Sr. Olivia Kidney 

» Coord of Research Activities Ms. Marion Polzella 

i Assistant tc the President...... Sr. Wllfredine Chiasson 

1 Director Public Information Be. Peter Lowy 

P Director of Alumni Activities Mrs. Chris McCann 

l Director of Graduate Division Sr. Lcretto llegarty 

lINT HYACINTH COLLEGE-SEMINARY 

66 School, Granby 01033 Congressional District: 1 

County: Hampshire F1CE Identification: 002213 

Telephone (413) 467-7191 Entity Number: 1- 23-724-2939- A1 

Established 1927 Hen 

Enrollment: 47 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees:. $900 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Sonester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program; Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation; EH 

Chief Executive Officer. Rev. Raymond Borkowski 

Chief Academic Officer...... Pev. Claude Jarmak 

Registrar... Rev. Michael Hendola 

Business Officer. Rev. Maurice piszczatowsfci 

Librarian Bro. Christian Katusz 


INT jokn*s seminary 

127 Lake street, Brighton 02135 Congressional District: 3 

County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 002214 

Telephone (617) 254-2610 Entity Number: 1 -04-210-4873- A1 

Established 18 83 Men 

Enrollment: 186 Undergraduate Tuition and ?ee3: $1,600 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, THEOL 


01 Rector... - Rev. Robert j. Banks 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Charles E. Bourke 

06 Treasurer and Registrar Rev. Joseph G. Lind 

06 Librarian Rev. Laurence V. McGrath 

05 Dean of College Rev. Thomas J . Daly 


SCHOOL OF THE MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS- BOSTON 

230 the Fenway, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 004667 

Telephone (617) 267-9300 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3607-A 1 

Established 1876 Coed 

Enrollment: 808 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,352 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master’s 
Program Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: ARI 

01 Dean Bruce K. MacDonald 

05 Academic Dean Joseph II. Hodgson 

10 Business Manager Joseph Karramal 

06 Registrar Frances F. Hoff 

07 Dean of Admissions Eugene C. Ward 

08 Librarian Carol Bjork 

36 Dir -PI ace- Caro er Counseling Gary KichLine 

38 Student Counselor John Bayllss 

32 Dean of Students John L. Thompson 

37 Director of Financial Aid Lindsay Carlisle 

0u Assistant to the Dean John Carmichael 

30 Developnent Officer.... Deborah Dluhy 

55 Dir Evening and Sumner Session.... Donald Grey 

SCHOOL OF THE WORCESTER ART MUSEUM 

55 Salisbury street, Worcester 01600 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FTCE Identification: 00466B 

Telephone (617) 799-4406 Entity Number: 1-04- 19B-8530-A1 

Established 1090 Coed 

Enrollment: 113 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,750 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally BacheLor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: ART 

01 Director Richard S. Teitz 

05 Dean Professional Instruction Sante Graziani 

08 Librarian Ilollee llaswell 

26 Director of Public Relations William Toner 

07 Director of Student Relations Charlene Lowell 

06 Registrar Vee Shanahan 

SIMMONS COLLEGE 

300 the Fenway, Boston 02115 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002208 

Telephone (617) 73B-2DD0 Entity Number: 1-04-210-3629-A1 

Established 1899 coordinate 

Enrollnant: 2,767 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,928 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Prograa: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: EH, LID, NUR, PTA, SH 

01 President Hilliaa J. Iloloes 

03 Administrative Vice President Priscilla L. McKee 

10 Treasurer Michael T>. West 

06 Registrar Sherwood A. Barrov 

07 Director of Admission. Linda Cox-Maguice 

08 Director of Library............ Artemis Kirk 

32 Dean charlotte H. Morocco 

29 Director of Alumnae Affairs Hacy Jane Doherty 

37 Director Student Financial Aid.... Lisa Mayer 

36 Director of Placement...... Joann Carroll 

57 Dean of Humanities.... Charles R. MacKey 

49 Dean of Science Anne E. Coghlan 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies... » John s. Robinson 


SIMON’S ROCK EARLY COLLEGE 

Great Barrington 01230 Congressional District: i 

County: Berkshire FICE Identification: 009645 

Telephone (413) 520-0771 Entity Number! 1-04-232-6564-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 200 ' Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,325 

control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering:' 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prograu: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 President.......... Mr. Leon Rotstein 

03 Executive Vice President Hr. Dliltri Papcdiaitriou 

05 Dean of Acadenic AffaiEs.... ... Dr. Eileen T« Hatidelman 

10 Business Manager.......... Hr. Richard D. Dunbar 


aiSSASiiBSftTS. 


190 


72 Dean of Students He. Cl. 8 a Win 

27 Dir of Develop G Pub Relations Mrs. Susan E. Van Kleeck 

06 Registrar Hs. Judith C. Fuller 

08 Librarian Ms. Karen Carney 

09 Director of Evaluation Dr. Haney Goldberger 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Kenneth Haurillo 

38 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Charlene Morrow 

07 Director of Admissions Krs. Sharon K. Pinkerton 

SMITH COLLEGE 

Northampton 01063 Congressional District: 1 

County: Hampshire F 1 CE Identification: 002209 

Telephone (4 13) 564-2700 Entity Number: 1-04- 1 84-3040-A1 

Established 1871 Woaen 

Enrollment: 3,016 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 15,900 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: Eil, SW 

01 President Hrs. Jill k. Conway 

05 Dean of the Faculty Kenneth |[. McCartney 

10 Treasurer.. Robert L. Ellis 

06 Registrar......... Hrs. Yvonne J. Fceccero 

07 Director of Admissions.. Ms. Lorna R. Blake 

08 Librarian Hs. Billie R. Bozone 

32 Dean of the College Hrs. Wendy G. Winters 

29 Exec Dir Alumnae Association Hrs. John S. Stella 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hrs. Anne F. Keppler 

70 De Q n Suhool of Sccial Work Hs. Katherine Gabel 

75 Dir Career Develcpaent Office Hiss Mary Albro 

SOUTHEASTERN MASSACHUSETTS UNIVERSITY 

Old Westport Road, North Dartmouth 02747 

Congressional District: 12 
County: Bristol PICE Identification: 002210 

Telephone (617) 959-8000 Entity Number: 1-Q4-243-2274-A1 

Established 1895 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,417 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-State) : $815 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SB, ART, ENG, ENGT , NOR 
ns Dr * Donald *• Walker 

Ss J Ia Dc * Richacd H * Font0ra 

45 Dean of Administration Dr. William C. Wild Or. 

13 Director information Services.. .“h!!!' G ordon Van^Druit 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Hr. Celestino n HarPfln 

04 Interm Asst to the President Dr. Theodora G.‘Kalikov 

30 Director of Development., ... Hr. William l cn» 

06 Director of University Records Mr! Paul d! P^t5?i 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Barrie G chains 

25 iTc as iivjr'ri-'-; «*• 55*2t 

25 Act g Asst Dir Res G Grants Hr. David A Sullivan 

27 Director of Public Relations II..!. »r! J..M f !tlev 

37 Director student Financial Aid... Hr. Gerald o coutinho 

38 Acting Director cf counseling ".!. Hs! "irainiS 

49 Dean College Arts G Sciences. ......I "i , l/ 

54° SiiSSSS.!!!.!--!;!;:; it * L “*««*; “ ard 

57 Dean Col visual Perform Arts. . ! . .” WV Di^LTp *2jS7« 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Er Richard h’ 

66 Dean collage of Anrelag I. ”. 1. 

SPFINGFIELt COLLEGE 

263 Alden Street, Springfield 01109 

County; Hampden J 2 

Telephone <4131 7 F 7 - 5 irn „ tJ f ICE lde ntification: 002211 

.JiU 1-00-21 0-4329-11 

Enrollment; 2, 73 9 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees- 

control: Independent Nonprofit Fees. *3,366 

Highest offering; Doctorate Quarter 

PCO ?wfiaii! 2 ? irtS and General; ,6ach6r P^paratory; 
Accreditation: BB 

05 Academic Doan Dr. Viibert E. Locklin 

10 Treasurer ’**" De ' Paul Coodgon 

30 Director of Development. ! .” ! ’ ! .5; F ”? k *' SBale 

26 Senior vice President.. ... ’**'‘*Hr q’ ?? h I| H * !?? ona 

)6 Registrar Hr Scott H. Willson 

Hr * Davia w. Wuerthele Jr. 


07 Dean of Admissions Hr. Robert B. Paliaer 

OS Librarian Hr. Gerald F. Davis 

32 Dean of Students Dr. John J. Costello 

29 Alumni Secretary Hr. Vernon W. cox 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. John W. Wilcox 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Dougins H. Schumann 

14 Dir of Data Processing Center Mr. Lloyd G. Fassett 

27 Director of Public Relations Hr. Joseph T. KcAleec 

38 Director of Counseling Center Dr. Richard A. Whiting 

33 Director of Student Activities Hr. Scott Taylor 

19 Director of Security Hs. L. Judy Jackson 

04 Presidential Aide Hr. Edwin ll. Hurley 

55 Dir Div Continuing Education Dr. Hark A. Ehman 

49 Director of Arts and Sciences Dr. Merle K. Miller 

53 Director Community Education Dr. Thomas L. Bernard 

58 Dir Division Graduate Studies Dr. Emery W. Seymour 

68 Dir llealth-Phy Ed-Recrea tion Dr. Nicholas P. Montis 

STOHEH1LL COLLEGE 

Washington Street, North Easton 02356 

Congressional District; 10 
County: Dristol FICE Identification: 002217 

Telephone (617) 230-1001 Entity Number: 1 -04-210-4229-A1 

Established 1940 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,643 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,725 

Affiliation; Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: EH, TED 

01 President ; Rev. Bartley HacPhaidin 

03 Executive Vice President Mr. C. Janes Cleary 

05 Academic Dean Rev . Robert J. Kruse 

10 Treasurer Hr. Edward P. easier! 

30 Director of Development Hr. Walter A. Mullen 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Brian P. Murphy 

09 Dir Institutional Research Rev. David j. Arthur 

08 Director of the Library Hrs. Carol E. Fraser 

32 Dean of student Affairs Dr. Charles R. F.atto 

26 Director of Public Affairs Mr. Curtis B. Norris 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Ronald F. Scarbrouqh 

06 Registrar. Hrs. Linda I. Sullivan 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Rev. William Gartland 

5 „ ^ rscEoE of Personnel Ms. Nancy clabby 

38 Dir of Counseling Center Dr. Peter J. Scanlon 

51 Assoc Dean for Cont Education Dr. Leo J. O'Hara 

55 Dean of Evening College Hr. George Rogers 

SUFFOLK UNIVERSITY 

Beacon Hill, Boston 02114 Congressional District: 9 

S°“ nt y j Su “®“ „ PICE Identification: 002218 

i 05 6 i 1 IL 723 ' < * 7 °° Entity Number: 1-04- 213-3255-A1 

Established 1906 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,288 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional semester 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: EH, LAW 

10 Vie^Preeij*'*' "a"* Dr - Danlel Perlman 

io f S *? d TE9asurec HE- Francis X. Flannery 

07 Dirertnr ?J.? 8 v ® lo P® 0nE ; Hr. Francis L. Whitson 

08 if “issions-Colleges Hr. William F. Coughlin 

27 lirlrtnr „ V tV* Mr * G ' l,ana " n 

34 SaSSr fo SiS 8 * ” ary A * Hefron 

32 Dean C of huSm!!! and placeQeat •••••• Mr^MichSol' IK^Jbino 

is SiSaKi:”S d SS«;^’ “KSiJViiiJS; 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs . Hti. Sll!n F. SK? 

|l ii;: : : : : : : : * : • : * 

49 Dean of Arts and science ..or. 'hStai* SySe 

SWAIN SCHOOL OF DESIGN 

19 Hawthorn Street, New Bedford 02740 

Countv- nr<st- rt i Congressional District: 12 

L ^& f ^, 997 - 7831 ■ 

»” a 

Highost Offering! 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 



191 


HA S5ACHU SETTS 


Prog cam: Professional 
Accreditation: 3EI1, ART 
01 President - 

05 Dean - 

00 Librarian. 

10 Chief Business Officer 

06 Registrar 


. . . James R. Davies 
... Nicholas Kilmer 
. Angela M . Sciotti 
Elizabeth C. Bryant 
...... Diane Cambra 


1UPTS UNIVERSITY 


Medford 02155 Congressional District: 7 

County: Middlesex PICE Identification: 002219 

Telephone (617) 628-5000 Entity Number: 1- 04-21 0-3634-AS 

Established 1852 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,774 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: 15,850 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

P rof essiona 1 

Accreditation; EH, DA, DENT, ENG, MED, 0T, aVET 
01 President Dr. Jean Mayer 

05 Act g Prov 6 Sr. vice President Dr. Robert B. Shira 

03 Exec Vice Pres Administration Michael A. Hoffmann 

30 Vice President fcr Development Thomas H. Humane 

45 Treasurer Dr. C. Russell De Eurlo Jr. 

10 Vice President fcr Business Vacant 

06 University Recorder Mildred Eastvood 

07 Dean Undergraduate Admissions Michael C. Behnke 

08 University librarian Joseph S. Komidar 

32 Dean student Arts and Science Bobble Enable 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Richard A. Kelley 

37 Director of Financial Aid. Grant E. Curtis 

34 Dea n -Libl Arts G Jackson Col Er. Nancy S. Hilburn 

49 Act. g Dean Fac Arts and Science Dr. Frank Colcord 

57 Dean of Undergradua be Studies.......... Dr. Howard H. Solomon 

54 Dean of Engineering Frederick Nelson 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. George S. Humford 

00 Dean of Sackler School Dr. Hurray Blair 

61 Dean Fletcher Law G Diplomacy Theodore -l. Eliot 

63 Acting Dean of Medicine, Dr. Murray Blair 

52 Dean of Dental Medicine Cr. Erling Johansen 

71 Director of the Summer School Robert l. Miller 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine Dr. Albert H. Jonas 

72 Director Nutrition Institute Dr. Stanley Gershoff 


UNIVERSITY OF LOWELL 

1 University Avenue, Lowell 01054 Congressional District: 5 
County: Middlesex FICE Identification: 002161 

Telephone (617) 452-5000 Entity Number: 1-04-613-75BO-A1 

Established 1094 Coed 

Enrollment: 10,703 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $875 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Rcogran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ENG, ENGT , HT, HUS, NUB, TED 
01 President John B. Duff 

03 Executive Vice President Everett V. Olsen 

04 Asst to Pros-Long Range Plan Roger Schinness 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs William T. Hogan 

07 Director of Admissions Lawrence Martin 

10 Vice Pres Bus Aff G Treasurer........ Raymond I. Rigney 

09 Dir Info Sys-Res Foundation.. Susan A. Goodwin 

32 Dean of Students......... Leo F. King Jr. 

14 Director Coaputer Center Suresh Hathur 

0C Registrar Louis J. Demetroulakos 

15 Director of Personnel Robert Harding 

37 Financial Aid Officer.... Walter A. Costello 

29 Secretary of the Alumni Catherine Quinn 

33 Associate Dean of Students James Donahoe 

34 Assistant Dean of Students........... Ellen Duggan 

36 Director of Placement.. Kerman laaark 

3B Director of Counseling.... Noel Cartwright 

51 Dir Summ Sch £ cent Education Ernest P. James 

59 Dean of the Graduate school Harry Rubinstein 

54 Dean of College cf Engineering Aldo M. Crugnola 

50 Dean College Mgmt science . .. Daniel E. Diamond 

72 Dean Col Pure and App Science..., Joseph Salamone 

64 Dean of the college of Music..... Thomas Elliot 

63 Dean Col of Kith Professions Gertrude Barker 

4 9 Dean College of Liberal Arts......... Patricia Golec 


UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

250 Stuart street, Boston 02116 Congressional District: 8 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 008017 

Telephone (617) 482-84 00 Entity Number: 1-00-070-27G5-A1 

01 President David C. Knapp 


04 Exec Asst to the President... 

05 Sr Vice Pres Academic Affairs 
26 Director University Relations 
02 vice President Management.... 


.... John Burke 

........ Vacant 

Carole G. Cohen 
Vacant 


♦UNIVERSITY OF B ASS AC HUS E1TS AMHERST CfeHPUS 

Amherst 01003 Congressional District: 1 

County: Hampshire FICE Identification: 002221 

Telephone (413) 545-0111 Entity Number: 1 -04-60 1-4838-A2 

Established 1863 Coed 

Enrollment; 24,012 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $1,113 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation; EH, BUS, CLPSY, ENG, IPIDER, POR , IPSY, LSAH, 
HUS, NUR, PH, SP, TEB 

02 Chancellor . Dr. Henry Koffler 

04 Associate to the Chancellor Dr. Terence Burke 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs Dr. Loren Baritz 

32 Vice Chanc student Affairs Dr. Dennis L. Madson 

10 Vice Chanc Admin and Finance Mr. George Beatty Jr. 

09 Director of Planning G Budget Dr. Marie McDeonond 

15 Dir of Pecs & Finan Services Hr. John L. Denyse 

45 Dir of Facilities Planning.... Mr. El. Jackson Littlefield Jr. 

14 Dir Univ Computer Services Dr. Conrad A. Wogrin 

08 Director of Libraries Mr. Richard J, Talbot 

25 Director of Grants G Contracts Mr. Lee D. Beatty 

27 Dir of Community Relations Mr. Gerald J. Grady 

26 Director of Public Affairs Mr. Daniel H. Melley 

33 Dean cf Students Dr. William F . Field 

07 Director of Admissions. Dr. Deirdre Linq 

37 Dir of Student Services Mr. W. Daniel Pitzpatrick 

06 Acting Registrar Ms. Mary Ellen Hanley 

29 Dir Develop and Alumni Aff Hr. Dallas L. Darland 

38 Dir Stdnt Develop-Counsel ctr... Dr. Sally A. Preeman 

36 Director of Placement Services Hr. Arthur L. Ililson 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Samuel F. Conti 

51 Dir of Continuing Education Dr. Miriam Williford 

47 Dir stockbridge Sch of Agric Dr. John W. Denison 

57 Dean Fac Hum G Pine Arts Dr. Jeremiah H. Allen 

49 Dean Fac Soc G Debav Science.... Dr. T. 0. Wilkinson 

65 Actg Dean Pood-Mat Resources Dr. James B. Kring 

50 Dean-School of Business Admin Dr. Harry T. Allan 

54 Dean of School of Engineering Dr. aussel C. Jones 

69 Dean Sch Health Sciences Dr. William A. Darity 

68 Dean Sch of Physical Education Dr. David C. Bischoff 

S3 Dean School Education DC. Mario 0. Fantini 

59 Dir Division Home Economics Hs, Helen R. Vaznaian 

66 Actg Director Division Nursing..... Dr. Huth A. Smith 

74 Dept Head Vet and Animal Sci Dr. James Marcum 

64 Dept Head of Music and Dance Dr. Charles Bestor 

48 Head Land-Arch-Reg Plan Dr. E. Bruce HacDougall 


.♦UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS BOSTON CAMPOS 

Harbor Campus,' Eoston 02125 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk FICE Identification: 002222 

Telephone (617) 287-1900 Entity Number: 1-04-601-4B38-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,131 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1054 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Acts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH 

02 Chancellor Dr. Robert A. Corrigan 

05 Provost Dr. Robert A. Green 

10 Vice Chanc Admin-Finance Hr. Thomas C. Baxter 

32 Vice Chanc Student Af fairs, ..... i .... . Hr. Charles P. Desmond 
09 Dir Instnl Plan G Budgeting Dr. William P. Fenstemacher 

06 Dir of Registration G Records Mr. David P. Cesario 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Hark Macangella 

08 Director of Libraries.... Dr. Walter Grossman 

38 Director of Counseling..... 1 Hr. John Robinson 

14 Director computer Facilities...... Mr. Joseph E. Crick 

37 Director Financial Aid...... Hs. Grace II. Muscarella 

15 Director of Personnel.... Mr. David L. Edmonds 

27 Actg Dir of comnunity Services Hr. John J. Latnec 

30 Dir Facil Planning-Development.... Hr. Hilliard Prince 

36 Acting Director of Placement.... Hs. Ginger HcCourt 

25 Dir Grant contract Admin..... Me. Todd Eachus 

26 Dir of University Advancement Mr. Donald Reid 

49 Dean College of Liberal Arts.......... Dr. Michael P. Riccards 

50 Dean Col Hgnt G Prof Studies Dr. Houston Elam 

58 Director of Graduate Programs...... Dr. Frederick Gamst 

70 Dean Col Pub fi Cmty Services. Dr. Murray Prank 


192 


£U2S£CjHUSETT5 


•UNIVERSITY OP MASSACHUSETTS MEDICAL SCHOOL AT WORCESTER 
55 Lake Avenue North , Worcester 01605 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 009756 

Telephone (617) 856-0011 Entity- Number: 1-04-6 00-2284-H4 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 415 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : 10 
Control: State Seaester 

Highest offering: First Professional 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: MET, RAD 

02 Chancellor- Dean. Dr. Robert E. Tranguada 

03 Vice Chancellor-Academic Dean Dr. John P. Howe III 

04 Vice Chanc AdBin-Finance Mr. Michael O. Bice 

05 Provost..... Dr. Edgar E. Smith 

06 Registrar-Admissions Officer........ Miss Hayre Coulter 

08 Librarian........ Dr. Donald J. Morton 

32 Acting Associate Dean Dr. David A. Finkel 

WELLESLEY COLLEGE 

Wellesley 02181 Congressional District: 10 

County: Norfolk PICE Identification: 002224 

Telephone (617) 235-0320 Entity Nuaber: 1 -04 -2 10-3637-A1 

Established 1875 Women 

Enrollaent: 2,233 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,400 

Control: Independent nonprofit Seaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Pcograa: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

01 Acting President Dr. Carol J. Johns 

05 Dean of the College........ Mrs. Maud K. Chaplin 

32 Dean of Students Mrs. Florence C. Ladd 

30 Vice President fcr Resources Peter M. Buchanan 

10 Vice Pres Pinan-Eus Affairs Jchn H. Hartley 

26 Vice Pres College Relations Miss Alla O'Brien 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Mary Ellen c. Ames 

08 Librarian.... Eleanor A. Gustafson 

06 Registrar Barbara B. Fargubar 

29 Alumnae Executive Secretary Mrs. Anne C. Morgan 

37 Financial Aid Officer.. Mrs. Amelia Nychis 

36 Dir of Career Services Office Mrs. Barbara B. Lazaras 


WENTWORTH INSTITUTE OF TECH NOLOG Y 
550 Huntington Avenue, Boston 02115 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Suffolk F3CE Identification: 029099 

Telephone (6 17) 442-9010 Entity Number: 1-04 -195-8460-A2 

Established 1904 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,593 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,050 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 
Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: EB, ENGT 

01 President Dr. Edvard T. Kirkpatrick 

05 Provost Dr. Arthur T. Thompson 

06 Registrar........ Mr, Robert E. Patterson 

07 Dean of Adnissions. Mr. Charles P. Uppvall 

08 Librarian Mr. Lynn H. Robinson 

09 Director of Curriculum Center Mr. Peter J. Philliou 

14 Director of Computer center Mr. Richard w. Wallace 

15 Personnel Officer,. Hi S3 claire Bowles 

25 Principal Investigator Mr. Rudolph W. Ebacher 

10 Director Business and Finance Mr. Walter c. Anderson 

29 Director of Alumri Relations... Mr. Carl W. Nickerson 

30 Director of Development... .. Mr. Charles T. Pheeney 

32 Dean of Student Affars Hr. Carl A, Swanson 

37 Financial Aid Officer. Mr. David j. Hogarth 

38 Counselor Mr. Harold F. Conner 

19 Director of Security Mr. Clifford F. Ennis 

36 Director of Student Placement.......... Hr. Carl W. Nickerson 

WESTERN NEK ENGLAND COLLEGE 

1215 Wilfcraham Road, Springfield 01119 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Hampden FICE Identification: 002226 

Telephone (413) 782-3111 Entity Humber: 1-04-210-8376-A1 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,181 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,168 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: EH, ENG, LAW 

01 President ... Dr. Beverly W, Hiller 

10 Vice Pres Admin 6 Finance........ Dc, Robert ». Gailey 

05 Academic Vice President.... Dc. Allan H. Bosch 

30 Director of Development..................... man Hale 

06 Dir of Records 6 Registration. ......... . Dr. William H. Young 


07 Dean of Admissions Rae J . Malcolo 

08 Librarian Glenn H. Johnson 

32 Dean of Students Andrew J. Hulcahy Jr. 

26 Director of Public Relations Carol D. Jack 

14 Director of Computer Services Edward E. Lindberg 

29 Director Alumni Affairs David g . Anderson 

51 Dean Cont Higher Education Cr. Elizabeth A. Ayres 

61 Dean of Law Howard I. Xalodner 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. R. Luther Reisbig 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Stanley Kowalski Jr. 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Robert 1. Campbell 

67 Dean of Pharmacy Dr. Abraham J . Haddad 

WHEATON COLLEGE 

Norton 02766 Congressional District: 1 0 

County: Bristol FICE Identification: 002227 

Telephone (617) 285-7722 Entity Number: 1 -04 -210-3638-A1 

Established 1834 Women 

Enrollment: 1,239 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $6,040 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Ell 

01 President Dr. Alice p. Emerson 

05 Provost Ms. Ruth A. Schmidt 

32 Dean Ms, Darlene I. Boroviak 

10 Vice Pres Fin and Operations Mr. David L. Wagner 

30 Vice President Resources Ms. Ann K. Caldwell 

07 Executive Director Admission Ms. Andronike Janus 

08 College Librarian Ms. Sherrie Bergman 

+WHEEL0CK COLLEGE 

200 the Riverway, Boston 02215 Congressional District: 9 

County: Suffolk PICE Identification: 002220 

Telephone (617) 734-5200 Entity Number: 1 -04 -21Q-3639-A1 

Established 1089 Coed 

Enrollment: 951 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,750 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Progran: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: EH, TED 

01 President Dr. Gordon L. Marshall 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Elizabeth Ann Liddle 

10 Dir Finan Affairs Comptroller Waiter B. Saxe 

06 Registrar Anne Nicholson 

07 Dean of Admissions Joan F. waxier 

08 Librarian Marie 1. Cotter 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Laurie A. Morgolies 

30 Director of Development Betty C. Fuchs 

15 Director of Personnel C. Deborah Bush 

37 Dir Finan Aid-Stdnt Employment Mary Broderick 

45 Business Hanager Robert J. Walsh Jr. 

26 Director of Public Relations Michael H . Shenkaan 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Lois B. Mirsky 

36 Dir of Car Planning-Placement Iaogene 0, Fish 

25 Coord Contractual Programs Dr. Edgar Klugman 

50 Director of Graduate Programs Susan Kosoff 

53 chrmn Early Childhood Ed Dept... Dr. Joan Bergspron 

51 Director Continuing Education Clifford H. Baden 

WILLIAMS COLLEGE 

Willianstovn 01267 Congressional District: 1 

County: Berkshire FICE Identification: 002229 

. Telephone (413) 597-2376 Entity Number: 1-04-2 10-4847-A1 

Established 1793 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,048 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $5,983 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Highest Offerings Master's 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: EH 

0 1 President.. John W. Chandler 

32 Dean of the College Daniel D. O'Connor 

45 Provost Hodge J. Markgrnf 

09 Associate Provost David A. Booth 

10 Vice President and Treasurer Joseph Kershaw 

05 Dean of the Faculty Francis C. Oakley 

06 Registrar., George C. Howard 

07 Director of Admissions Philip F. Smith 

08 Librarian... Lawrence E. Wikander 

29 Dir Alumni Rel and Information R. Cragin Lewis 

37 Director of Financial Aid Philip G. Wick 

36 Director of Career Counseling Barbara Jan Wilson 

30 Director of Development ... John S. Pritchard 

15 Business Manager..... Shane Riorden 

14 Director of Computer Services Lawrence E. Wright 



193 


HIOJIGM 


WORCES'IEP JU HI CR COLLEGE 

76Q Main Street, Worcester 01610 Congressional District: 3 
County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002232 

Telephone (6 17) 755-4314 Entity Humber: 1-04- 2 30- 7899-S 1 

Established 19 05 Co ^ 

Enrollment: 974 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,650 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Dachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Eil 

01 President Dr. Edward P. liattar III 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs.. Dr. Paul L. Ryan 

10 Business Manager Hr. w. Theodore wade 

07 Dir Admissions-Financial Aid Hr. Harrison R. Greene 

32 Director of Student Services . . . Hr. David w. Eaton 

06 Registrar Hr. Eugene F. lacava Jr. 

00 Librarian Mrs. viola E. King 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hr. Paul Gallagher 

54 Chairman of Engr Department. Hr. Thomas P. O'Connor 

57 Chrmn Humanities Department ... Hr. Gerald F. Scieszka 

49 Chairman of Science Department Mr. Thomas P. C'Connor 

WORCESTER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE 

Worcester 01 609 Congressional District: 3 

County: Worcester FICE Identification: 002233 

Telephone (617) 753-1411 Entity Number: 1 -04-21 2- 1 659-A 1 

Established 1065 CQ€(J 

Enrollment: 3,367 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,950 

Control; Independent Nonprofit 4-1-4 

Eiighest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: Ell, ENG 

President Dr. Edmund T. Cranch 

05 Vice Pres and Dean of Faculty Dr. Ray E. Bolz 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs. Mr. David E. Lloyd 

30 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Hr. Thomas J. Denney 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Mr. Robert F. Reeves 

09 Director of Research Dr. Edward N. Clarke 

45 Die Phy Plan-Plant Services Hr. Gardner T. Pierce 

08 Librarian Hr. Albert G. Anderson Jr. 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Roy A. Seaberg Jr. 

37 Director of Financial Aid....... Mr. Edgar F. Heselbarth 

06 Registrar He. Robert Long II 

26 Director of Public Relations Mr. Roger N. perry Jr. 

15 Director of Personnel Hr. Roger Albrecht 

36 Dir Graduate and Career Plans... Mr. william F. Trask 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. James J. Jackson 

29 Alumni Secretary and Treasurer.,. Mr. Stephen J. Hebert 

25 controller Mr. William F. Barrett 

51 Director Continuing Education Hr. Robert J. Hall 

S3 Dean of undergraduate studies Hr. William p. Grogan 

5B Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Wilder L. Kranich 

MICHIGAN 

ADRIAN COLLEGE 

Adrian 49221 Congressional District: H 

County: Lenawee PICE Identification: 002234 

Telephone (5 17) 265-51 61 Entity Number: 1 -38- 135-7980-A1 

Established 1859 Cced 

Enrollment: 945 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,900 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

0-1 President... Dr. Donald s. Stanton 

05 Vice Pres 6 Dean Acad Affairs Dr. James F. Traer 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs............ Mr. Ronald L. Bleeckec 

30 Vice President Development Dr. William A. Likins 

32 Vice President student Affairs Vacant 

13 Assoc Vice Pres Acad Aff-Admis Mr. Thoaas E. Williams 

36 Dir Advising s Career Develop Hr. Michael E. Hyde 

06 Registrar--.. Mrs. o. lean Stepp 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. R. Dana Paul 

29 .Dir Alumni-Parent Relations Dr. Richard M. Markoff 

15 Controller........ Mr. Glenn c. Jacob 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Gregory R. Yarnoluk 

08 Director of the Library Mr. James A. Dodd 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Douglas L. Boyse 

27 Dir Publicatns and Information Mr. Kenneth B. Stark Jr. 


ALBION COLLEGE 

Albion 49224 
County: Calhoun 
Telephone (517) 629-5511 
Established 1835 


Congressional District: 3 
PICE Identification: 002235 
Entity Number: 1-38- 135-9081-A1 

Coed 


Enrollment: 1,763 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,100 

Affiliation: United Methodist semester 

Highest Offering; 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, NUS 

01 President Dr. Bernard T. Lomas 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff 6 Dean Fac Dr. Neil A. Thorbucn 

10 Vice President Administration. Dr. Janes R. Hatcher 

30 Vice Pres Col Sel-Development Dr. Joe U. Hatcher 

08 Librarian Dr. Charles H. Held 

26 Director of College Relations. Hr. Laurence Sill 

32 Vice President Student Life Dr. James E. Douthet 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Frank Donta 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. Richard w. stuck 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. James W. Nash 

38 Director of Counseling Dr. James B. Slager 

37 Director of Financial Aid ; Mr. Howard J. Thomas 

36 Director of Placeeent Dr. Katharine L. Padgett 

04 Adminv Assistant to President. Mrs. Nancy J. Graves 

06 Registrar Hcs. Elizabeth Hilemnn 

51 Dir of Cont Education center Hr. Morley Fraser 

ALMA COLLEGE 

Alma 48801 congressional District: 10 

County: Gratiot FICE Identification: 002236 

Telephone (517) 463-711 1 Entity Number : 1 -3 a- 1 35- 9083-A1 

Established 1886 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,212 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,213 

Control: Independent Nonprofit. other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, »HUS, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. Oscar E. Remick 

05 Provost Dr. Ronald Kapp 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Dr. a. Meyer Jr. 

30 Vico Pres of Development Hr. Guile Graham 

32 Vice Pres Student Development Dr. Daniel Behring 

06 Registrar Hr. William Potter 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Robert D. Marble 

07 Director of Admissions nr. Ted Rowland 

08 Director of libraries Hr. Peter Dollard 

27 Director Information Service.... Hr. G. G. Peld 

36 Director of Placement Mr. F. V. Edgerton 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. David D. Dexter 

ALPENA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

666 Johnson Street, Alpena 49707 Congressional District: 11 
County: Alpena FICE Identification: 002237 

Telephone (517) 356-9021 Entity Number: 1 -3B -600- 3920 -A 1 

Established 1952 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,695 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $510 
Control: local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Charles R, Donnelly 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Joseph Genuise 

06 Dir Records and Instnl Studies Hr. Michael F. Hood 

32 Dean of Students Mr. John Hccornack 

08 Librarian Mr. Dennis Muhc 

07 Asst Dean Students-Adalssions. Mr. Max P. Lindsay 

49 Academic Dean Dc, Margaret Let 

51 Dir Cont Bd and emty Services...... Hr. Charles Weiser 

75 Dean Voc-Technical Education Hr. Alan S , Reed 

ANDREWS UNIVERSITY 

Berrien Springs 49104 Congressional District: 4 

County: BerEien FICE Identification: 002236 

Telephone (616) 471-7771 Entity Number: 1-38-162-7600-A1 

Established 1874 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,983 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,975 

Affiliation: Seventh-Day Adventists Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, DIET, HUS, NOR, SW, TED, THEOL 

01 President Dr. Joseph G. Smoot 

03 Provost Dr. Roy E, Graham 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Admin.... Dr. Richard W. Schwarz 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs..'..,., Hr. Vernon II. Siver 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt Af f-Placement Dr. Reger c. Smith 

30 Vice Pres De velop-Public Hal. ........... ... Mr. David II. Bauer 

06 Dir Admissions and Records.... Dr. Douglas K. Brown 

08 Director of Library Mrs. Mary J. Hitchell 

13 Asst to Pres Mgmt Info Plan Dr. Robert D. Hoon Jr. 

14 Director of Computer Center............... Mr. Lovell D. Witz 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Richard L. Scott 



ftlSHlSAii. 


194 


34 Dean of Women Hiss Arlene I. Friestad 

09 Dir Institutional Research ........ Hr. Bill Cash 

27 Director Public Felations «... Mr. Chris J. Robinson 

29 Exec Sec Alumni Association Hr. Ralph M. Coupland 

38 Director student Counseliny Mr. Herman J. Johnson 

36 Director cocp and Placement Dr. Larry D. Mahlum 

37 Dir stdnt Financial Services Hr. Robert J. Robinson 

49 Dean Arts and Sciences..... Dr. Dvain L. Ford 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Er. Robert A. Williams 

73 Dean of Theological Seminary Dr. Thomas H. Dlincoe 

75 Dir Technology-Occup Education Mr. Stephen H. Young 

72 Dean College of Technology Dr. William W. Davidson 


AQUINAS COLLEGE 

1607 Robinson Road S Z, Grand Rapids 49506 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Kent FICE Identification: 002239 

Telephone (616) 459-8281 Entity Number: 1-38-136-7080-A1 

Established 1923 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,163 Ondergraduate Tuition and Pees: S3, 555 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President... Dr. Horbert O. Hruby 

05 Academic Vice President Sr. Barbara Hansen 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. John P. O'Connor 

30 Vice President Development Hr. Thomas H. Monaghan 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Sr. Anne Keating 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Glenn C. Lowe 

06 Registrar Mrs. Lois Kalman 

08 Dir Learning Resource Center........ Mr. Larry Zysk 

27 Director of Public Information Dr. John G. Desek 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Hr. James L. Schultz 

15 Personnel Director Mr. Donald Davison 

0.9 Dir Institutional Research Sr. Mary James Rau 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Hr. Russell P. Nelson 

58 Dir Grad Program-Management.. Dr. lee E. Jacokes 


Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President Dr. Anthony J. Diekema 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dr. Peter A. De Vos 

03 Vice Pres Acad Administration Dr. John Vanden Derg 

10 vice Pres Business and Finance Mr. Henry De Nit 

15 Vice Pres Col Advancement. Dr. Peter Vande Guchte 

32 Vice Pres for Stdnt Affairs Rev. Bernard E. Pekelder 

08 Director of the Library Mr. Marvin Monsma 

36 Dir Teacher certification Miss Madge Strikwarda 

29 Dir College Alumni Relations Dr. Richard J. Eppinga 

14 Director of Computing Dr. Sanford c. Leesttta 

06 Registrar Mr. Ernest Van Vugt 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Donald Lautenbach 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid Mr. Wayne K. Hubers 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Donald D. Boander 

34 Dean of Women Hiss Marilyn De Boer 

38 Dean of Student Life Dr. William K. Stob 

71 Dean for Academic Prog Admin Dr. Charles J. Miller 

CALVIN THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

3233 Burton Street S E, Grand Rapids 49506 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Kent FICE Identification: 002242 

Telephone (616) 949-2494 Entity Number: 1 -30-139-882H-A2 

Established 1876 Coed 

Enrollment: 190 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO 

Affiliation: Christian Reformed Church Quarter 

Highest Offering: Haster's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 1)1 EOL 

01 President Dr. John 11. Kromminga 

05 Academic Dean Dr. David Engelhard 

06 Registrar Mr. John Vander Lugt 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Helvin D. Hagen 

36 Coordinator Field Education Rev. Robert c. De Vries 

08 Theological Librarian Mr. Peter Do Klerk 

10 Business Manager Mr. Henry Davit 


BAKER JUNIOR COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 

1110 Eldon Baker Drive, Flint 48507 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Genasee FICE Identification: 004673 

Telephone (313) 744-4040 Entity Number: 1-38-032-1740-A1 

Established 1911 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,171 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,995 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog ran: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor' s Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB, MAC 

01 Executive vice president Hr. Edvard J. Kurtz 

05 Vice President fcr Operations.... Mr. John T. Brovn 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. larry D. Van Ness 

OB Director of Library Services Ms. Barbara B. Jennings 

36 Director of Student services Mr. Curtis S. Collier 

37 Financial Aid Director Hr. Ellis P. Salim 


BAY DE II CC C0HHUNI1Y COLLEGE 


CENTER FOR CREATIVE STUDIES 

245 East Kirby, Detroit 48202 Congressional District: 13 

County: Wayne FICE Identification: 006771 

Telephone (313) 872-3118 Entity Number: 1-3U-155-006U-A1 

Established 1926 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,034 Undergraduate Tuition and Foes: 33,300 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Nil, ART 

01 President Mr. Jerome L. Grove 

05 Dean Mr. Arthur E. Greenblatt 

04 Vice President for Advancement... Hr. James Keyes 

10 Business Manager Mr. James E. Coffman 

06 Registrar Miss Lynne R. stone 

08 librarian Miss Jean Peyrat 

07 Director of Admissions.. Miss Janice Bergstrom 

37 Director Financial Aid Hiss Judy Layer 

32 Dean of Students Mr. David Campbell 


Escanaba 49829 Congressional District: 11 

County: Delta FICE Identification: 002240 

Telephone (906) 786-5802 Entity Number: 1-38-17 1-102I-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,460 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-Sta te) : $463 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President H r. Edvin E . nuehle 

10 Chief Business Officer Mr. Ronald K. Erickson 

08 Director of Learning Resources Mr. Christian Holmes 

07 Dean of Student Service.. Dr. K. James Peterson 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Virginia H. shomin 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr. Michael F. Burns 

51 Dean of Community Services Mr. James A. Barr 

72 Dean of Business-Technology Mr. Arne R. Anderson 

66 Dean of Health-Science Mrs. Hartha J. Burns 

CALVIN COLLEGE 

Grand Rapids 49506 Congressional District: 5 

County: Kent FICE Identification: 002241 

Telephone (616) 949-4000 Entity Humber: 1-38-139-8824-A1 

Established 1876 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,024 Ondergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,000 

Affiliation: Christian Reformed church 4-1-4 


CENTRAL MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY 

Mount Pleasant 40856 Congressional District: 10 

County: Isabella PICE Identification: 002243 

Telephone (517) 774-3151 Entity Number: 1-38-600-444 7- A2 

Established 1892 Coed 

Enrollment: 17,638 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $1,030 
Control; state Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, AUD, MUS, SP, TED 
01 President Dr. Harold Abel 

05 Provost.. Dr. John E. Cantelon 

10 Vice Pres for Business Mr. Jerry R. Tubbs 

26 vice Pres for Public Affairs Hr. Arthur E. Ellis 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. James L. Hill 

45 vice Provost Plan-Instr-Res Dr. Ernest L. Minelli 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. John W. Weatherford 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Jeffrey A. Evans 

06 Registrar............. Hr. Robert E, Connell 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. James W. Dening 

27 Director Information services Mr. Russell L. Herron 

09 Asst Vice provost for Planning Dr, Robert L. De Bruin 

07 Director of Admissions... Mr. Michael A. Ovens 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Robert c. Walling 

36 Director of Placement... . .. Mr. Charles 0. Alexander 

19 Director of Public Safety Mr. John C. McAuliffe 

30 chief Development Officer Mr. Robert L. Rulong 



MICHIGAN 


25 Director Grants and Contracts... Hr. Andrew J. Marks 

29 Director of Alunni Association Mr. Ronald E. Dangler 

38 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Donald P. Dertsch 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences... Dr. Myron S. Henry 

50 Dean Business Administration Dr. Leonard E. Plachta 

53 Dean of Education.... Dr. Curtis E. Hash 

57 Dean of Fine and Applied Arts Dr. Frank S. Stillings 

69 Dean ilealth-Phy Ed-Recc Dr. William V. Theunissen 

58 Dean of Graduate studies Dr. Robert 1. Ecanyan 

00 Assoc Vice Pres Extnd Lrng Du. John T. Mantis 

56 Dean of Continuing Education. Dr. Alan F. Quick 

CHARLES S. MOTT COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

HOI East Court street, Flint 48503 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Genesee F3CE Identification: 002261 

Telephone (313) 762-0450 Entity Number: 1-30-1 91-4697-A1 

Established 1923 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,751 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $548 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH , DA, Dll, MAC 

01 President Dr. Charles N. Pappas 

03 Provost Hr. William R. Walworth 

05 Vice President of Instruction - . Mr. Charles Roche 

04 Vice Pres Bus ana Emp Relation Dr. Peter K . Petro 

13. Dean Management-Inf o System.... Nr. David Hoor9 

36 Dir of Special Needs-Placeaent Hr. Berry C. Goodlett 

10 Business Manager....... Mr. Russell R. Waltmire 

32 Dean of Student Personnel....... Hr. Richard Johnson 

08 Dean of Learning Resources Hr. Don 5. Pelkey 

45 Dir Res-Develop G Compliance Mr. Avery W. Chandler 

26 Vice Pres Ccl-Legislati vo Del Hr. Richard s. Heitzner 

15 Mgr Personnel Business Office...'....... Mr. Raymond L. steede 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Earl 1. Mahoney 

38 Chrprsn Counseling 6 Guidance Mr. Howard Hughes 

06 Registrar Mr. Gerald F. McUsic 

14 Director of Computer Center.............. Mr. Anthony Preston 

71 Director of Special Programs Ms. Kathleen (I. Asher 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Ms. Marjorie HcBcien 

57 Chairperson of Fine Arts Mr. Samuel E. Morello 

51 Chrprsn Continuing Education Mr, Melvin Harold 

72 Chairperson of Technology Mr. Frederick W. Lamb 

7 C Chairperson of Social Work Dr. William Blamet 

66 Chairperson of Nursing Ms. Anita Daus 

65 chairperson Natural Resources........... Dr. Eouglas E. Laine 

50 Chairperson of Business Mr. Gene R . Watkins 

53 Chairperson of Education Mr. Duane >1. Dorr 

CLEARY COLLEGE 

2170 Washtenaw Road, Ypsilanti 40197 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Washtenaw FICE Identification: 002246 

Telephone (3 13) 483-4400 Entity Humber: 1- 38- 139-384 1-A1 

Established 1883 Coed 

Enrollment: 586 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,900 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 
- Accreditation: SRCB 

01 President Mr. Gilbert Bursley 

03 Executive Vice President Mr. Paul Blakkan 

05 Vice President. Hr. Gerald Bender 

10 controller Ms. Nancy Gross 

06 Regstr student Life Director Mr. Darryl Green 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Marsha Ellard 

08 Librarian..... Mrs. Helen Richards 

26 Development S Alumni Relations...... Mrs. Illy Porlenza 

36 Student Placement Miss Kim Hatch 


CONCORDIA COLLEGE 

4090 Geddes Road, AnD Arbor 48105 Congressional District: 2 
County: Washtenaw FICE Identification: 002247 

Telephone (313) 665-3691 Entity Number: 1-38-1 67-4 B00-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 552 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,303 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church-Missour i Synod Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President....... Rev. Merlin S. Pohl 

05 Aca d emic Dean - Dr. Ho ward W . - Kra aec 

10 Business Manager Mr. Carl E. Albaugh 

06 Registrar Mr. Dennis H. Verseman 

32 Dean of Stdnts and Dean of Men... Dr. Jacob K. lleckort 


08 Librarian Mr. Roy O. Kronsbein 

07 Director of Admissions Rev. Eugene L. Krentz 

09 Dir Institutional Research.... Dr. Erich A. Von Fange 

30 Chief Development Officer.. Hr. Lloyd R. Probasco 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid.. Mr. F. Eduard schroeder 


CFANBROOK ACADEMY 01 ART 

500 lone Pine Rd Box 801, Bloomfield Hills 48013 

Congressional District; 19 
County: Oakland FICE Identification: 002248 

Telephone (313) 645-3300 Entity Humber: 1 -36-201 -5048- A ' 

Established 1932 Co f^ 

Enrollment: 158 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Prograo: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ART 

01 President Mr. Roy Slade 

03 Dean Ms. Barbara Price 

06 Registrar Mrs. hucille Harper 

* DAVENPORT COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 

415 East Fulton, Grand Rapids 49503 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Kent FICE Identification: 002249 

Telephone (616) 451-3511 Entity Number: 1 -38 - 1 94-5965 -A 1 

Established 1066 Co ®'* 

Enrollment: 2,570 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,208 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH ..... 

0 1 President M c. Donald Maine 

10 Vice Pres Administration Mr. Robert E. Schmiedicke 

32 Dean of Students.... Dr. B. Hagaret Voss 

06 Registrar Hr. Frank C. Hinetvini 

33 Associate Dean of Students Mr. Jerry A. Hendrickson 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Michael Toscano 

36 Director of Placement Services Mrs. Sharon Hohlner 

07 Director of Admissions . Mr. William R. Kingraa 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Mr. Thomas Drown 

15 Vice Pres College Services Mr. Roger Vander Laan 


♦DELTA COLLEGE 


University Center 48710 Congressional District: B 

County: Bay FJCE identification: 002251 

Telephone (517) 686-9000 Entity Humber: 1-3B-603-4011-A1 

Established 1957 CoQd 

Enrollment: 9,585 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) s $666 
control: Local Trimester 

Highest offering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, IDA, #WI, EHGT, PTA A, RAD 
01 President . Mr. Donald J. Carlyon 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Hr. Arthur 0. Oettmeier 

10 Business Manager Mr. Michael L. Crovella 

32 Dean of Student Affairs... Mr. A1 Duguid 

30 Dir Research and Development Mrs. Leslie Hyles-Sanders 

26 Dir Col Relations and Alumni Hr, John El. Krafft Jr. 

27 Director of Television..... Mr. William J. Ballard 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Kal Arman 

07 Director of Admissions...' Mr. Richard L. Wirtz 

14 Director of Computer center.......... Mr. Benjamin A. Paulson 

15 Director of Personnel.... Hr. Charles D. Creed 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aid .... M r « Karl Streiff 

06 Registrar. Dc. John Fuller 

DETROIT DIBLE COLLEGE 

35700 » Twelve Hile Road, Parmington Hills 48018 

Congressional District: 17 
county: Oakland FICE Identification: 002252 

Telephone (313) 553-7200 Entity Number: 1 -30- 142-242 1-Ai 

Established 1945 „ 

Enrollment: 383 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,850 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 P resident Wendell Johnston 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs........ Dc. Robert O, Woodbucn 

30 Vice President foe Development ........... . Mr. 0. G. Williams 

10 Business Manager. .................... .. Mr. Michael R, Bullok 

07 Admissions Representative... Vacant 

06 Registrar Mrs. Sandra K. Pool 

08 Librarian. Hiss Anne M. Froblich 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Alan W. Barr 




K1CHIG£H, 


196 


DETROIT COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 


9801 Oaknan Eoulevard, Dearborn 48126 

Congressional District: 16 
County: Wayne FICE Identification: 002253 

Telephone <313) 562-6983 Entity Humber: 1-38-1 67-G560-A1 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,190 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 32,253 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Progran: Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's; professional 


Accreditation: SRCB 

01 President..... 

05 Vice pres and Academic Dean... 
04 Vice President and Registrar.. 

00 Dean Flint Campus 

00 Dean Grand Rapids Canpus 

00 Dean Madison Heights Campus.... 

07 Director of Admissions 

10 Business Manager 

37 Dir Student Personnel Services 

08 Director of Libraries 

32 Dean of Students 

36 Director of Placeaent 

33 Dir Guidance and Counseling... 
14 Director of Computer Center... 


Dr. Frank Paone 

.... Dr. Janes Mendola 
. Hr. Samuel J. Gibson 
Mr. Richard D. Pickett 
Dr. James G. Stauffer 
Hr. Nickolas Fleezanis 
.. Mrs. Judy Broderick 
Kiss Barbara A. Ringe 
. Hr. Larry J. lieaann 
Mrs. Hary H. McIntyre 

Mrs. Jean Brett 

.. Mrs. Shirley Priest 
. Hr. Henry Hilanowski 
Hiss Judith Lotz 


DETROIT COLLEGE OF 1AW 

130 East Elizabeth Street, Detroit 48201 

Congressional District: 13 
County: Wayne PICE Identification: 002254 

Telephone (313) 965-0150 Entity Humber: 1-38-1 35-8000-A1 

Established 1891 Coed 

Enrollment: 016 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 30 

Control: Independent Nonprofit ; Y* - * - Semester 

Highest offering: First Professional; Ho Undergraduates 
Progran: Professional 
Accreditation: LAW 

01 Dean John S. Abbott 

05 Assoc Dean-Acadeiic Affairs James P. Huddleston 

10 Associate Dean-Fiscal Affairs Gary J. Abraham 


DETROIT INSTITUTE Of TECHNOLOGY 


2727 Second Avenue, Detroit 48201 Congressional District: 13 
County: Wayne FICE Identification: 002257 
Telephone <313) 962-0030 Entity Hunher: 1-38-1 35-9043 -A 1 
Established 1877 Coed 
Enrollment: 82B Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 32,402 
Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 
Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; professional 


Accreditation: Nil 
01 President.... 

06 Registrar 

10 Business Manager 

08 Head Librarian 

07 Director of Admissions 

09 Dir Institutional Research. 
36 Coord Cooperative Education 
75 Dir Occupational Education. 


. Dr. Robert W. Ellis 

Dr. Phelps Trix 

.... Hr . Robert Jones 
. Ms. Janet Krawulski 
Hr. Walter Williamson 
... Dr. Raymond Gaaby 
.. Hs. Cheryl Teroaat 
.. Hr. Conald Tremper 


EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY 


Ypsilamti 48197 
County: Washtenaw 
Telephone <313) 467-1849 
Established 1849 
Enrollment: 20,079 


Congressional District: 2 
FICE Identification: 002259 
Entity Number: 1-38-600-5986-A1 

Coed 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(in-State) : 3999 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, BUS, SDIET, HUS, NUR, 01, SP, SH, TED 

President Dr. John W. Porter 

05 Prov S Vice Pees Acad Affairs Dr. Anthonv H. Evanc 

03 vice president Administration Dr. Carolyn, D. Spatta 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. Robert J. Roakema 

J2 Vice President Student Affairs Hr. Lawrence N. Smith 

26 Vice pres University Relations ......... Hr. Gary D. Hawks 

04 Assistant to the President « s . Harv ui er3 , ansk i 

08 Director Educational Resources N o 

95 Dir Univ Planning 6 Analysis Hr. GeSrge T JJbSn 

07 Dir 0 ctor Admissions Mc . Donald Ka jcienski 

27 Assoc Vice Pres Omv Relations He. j ohn c. Fountain 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placement Hr. Steven Kravinsky 

15 Assoc Vice President Personnel Hr. Hayne Douglas 

14 Dir University computing Dc . William A. Rodgers 


06 Dean Rec-Tchr Certification.. Dr. George Linn 

33 Dean Students Dr. Bette C. white 

25 Dir Spec Progs-Res Development Dr. Charles P. Gale 

29 Director Alumni Relations Hr. Rick Baird 

30 Director Development Hr. Greg Koroch 

37 Director Financial Aid Hr. Courtney HcAnuff 

19 Director Public Safety Mr. John Hayes 

70 Dean Human Services Dr. Peter Dual 

49 Dean Arts 6 Sciances Dr. Donald F. Drummond 

58 Dean Graduate School Dr. Gary Keller 

50 Dean Business.. Dr. Kent Kerby 

53 Dean Education Dr. Scott Hestecman 

5 1 Dean Continuing Education Dr. George P. Helican 

72 Dean Technology Dr. Alvin Pudisill 

FERRIS STATE COLLEGE 

Big Rapids 49307 Congressional District; 10 

County: Mecosta FICE Identification: 002260 

Telephone (616) 796-9971 Entity Number: 1 -38 -60 0- 51 59- A 1 

Established 1884 Coed 

Enrollnent: 10,596 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; 41,011 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: First Professional 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, DA, Dll, DT, HLTAD, HR A , MRT, NMT, OPT, 

PKAR, FAD, RSTH 

01 President Dr. Robert L. Evigleban 

04 Asst to the President Dr. George N. Holcomb 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Donald A. Prtabe 

06 Registrar He. Paul G. Schnepf 

07 Director of Adnissions Mr. Karl S. Walker 

08 Director of Library ■ Hs. Hary M. Eover 

09 Institutional Studies Officer Dr. Donald L. Decker 

10 Vice Pres Bus Pern 6 Labor Rel Dr. Eugene s. Bychinski 

13 Director Budgats and Planning Dr. William E. Becker 

14 Manager Computer Center.... Mr. Gordon G. lewis 

15 Asst Vice President Personnel Dr. Edward Linta 

19 Chief of Public Safety Hr. Jack A. Ebli 

25 Grants Coordinator Hr. Michael L« Crouch 

26 Asst Vice Pres Public Affairs Mr. Jack F. McNamara 

29 Asst Vice Pres Alumni Relation Hr. Robert N. Leach 

30 Vice President Public Affairs.... Dr. Clifford L. Larson 

32 Director Student Services..... Mr. William J. Buckingham 

33 Dean of Men Mr. Thomas G. Walsh 

34 Dean of Womon Or. Mary E. HcClelland 

36 Director of Placement. Mr. Robert A. Large 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Mr. James F. Moored 

49 Dean General Education Dr. Keith S, Montgomery 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. Benjamin P. Thomas 

51 Director Continuing Education Cr. Bruce w. Jacobs 

53 Dean school Education Dr. Thomas <}. Cook 

66 Department Head Nursing Ms. Esther P. Odea 

67 Dean School of Pharmacy Cr. Ian W. Mathison 

69 Dean School Allied Health Mr. Aaron L. Andrews 

63 Dean College of Optometry Dr. Jack W. Bennett 

72 Dean School of Technical Arts Dr. Joel Galloway 


GENERAL MOTORS INSTITUTE 

1700 West Third Avenue, Flint 48502 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Genesee FICE Identification: 002262 

Telephone (313) 762-9790 Entity Number: 1- 38-057-27 10- A 1 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment; 2,241 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 31,264 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Progran: Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ENG . 

^ ce fi de " t Dr. william b. Cottinghao 

10 Resident Comptroller Hr. William N. Peters 

08 Director of the Library Vacant 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Richard R. Wacnbold 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs.... Dr. Roger A. Holmes 

15 Dir of Personnel and Operation Hr. Paul D. Newman 

no J^sistant to the President Mr. Lawrence c. Swanson 

09 Director Learning Resources..... Dr. Rodney l. Boyas 






62249 Shiamel Road, Centreville 49032 

. , , Congressional District: 4 

FICE Identification: 002263 

Telephone (616) 467-9945 Entity Humber: 1 -38-1 80-0033- A1 

Established 1965 Coe(3 

Enrollment: 1,224 

undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5527 
Control; Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 



197 


MICHIGAN 


program: Terminal Occupational below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President - Dr. Philip G. Hard 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.- Dr. Rodger J. Eckhardt 

10 Business Manager............. Hr. Roger A. Coosser 

07 Director of Community Services Mr. Dennis P. McCarthy 

06 Chief Librarian Mrs. Marilyn Gosling 

32 Director student Development Ms. Lynn Wonnacott 

75 Dir Voc and Technical Programs Hr. David Kauffman 


GOG EDI C COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Jackson and Greenbush, Ironwood 49938 

Congressional District: 11 
County: Gogebic PICE Identification: 002264 

Telephone (906) 922-4231 Entity Number: 1-30-181-6843-A1 

Established 1931 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,280 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : i526 
Control; Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Out Loss Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Dachalor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. R. Ernest Dear 

04 Asst to Pres-Dean Acad Progs Mr. Andrew E. Angvin 

32 Dean of Students Mr. David G. Lindquist 

10 Dean of Business Services Hr. Thomas J. Cvengros 

08 Director Learning Resources Hr. Charles Tetzlaff 

14 Director of Computer Services Mrs. Karen Sacor 

37 Dir Counsel and Financial Aids Mr. Dennis Rolando 

36 stdnt Activities -Housing Off Hr. Gene Farrell 

75 Dean Voc-Technical Pr cgrams. Hr. Gene 1. Dahlin 

GRACE El DU COLLEGE 

1011 Aldon Street S W, Grand Rapids 49509 

Congressional District: 5 
county; Kent FICE Identification: 002265 

Telephone (616) 530-2330 Entity Number: 1-38-167-3400-A1 

Established 1945 Coed 

Enrollment: 198 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: B1 

01 President..... Dr. John T. Dean 

05 Academic Dean Hev. Dale S. De Mitt 

10 Business Manager Mr. Robert Marshall 

30 Director of Stewardship. Mr. Grant H . Slier 

06 Reg istrar-Dir of Admissions Ms. Evlyne Beyer 

08 Librarian Dev. Raymond l, Reich 

29 Alumni Coord-Cmty Life Dir Mr. Dick NalJcer 

GRAND RAPIDS BAPTIST COLLEGE AND SEMINARY 

1001 E Beltline Ave N E, Grand Rapids 49505 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Kent FICE Identification: 002266 

Telephone (616) 949-5300 Entity Number: 1- 38-1 44-3369-A 1 

Established 1941 a 

Enrollment: 1,179 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S2, buu 

Affiliation: Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH . „ „ , . 

01 President... Dr * K ' 

45 Vice Pres-Dean of Seminary...... Dr. Harren H. Fater 

10 Business Manager »*• 

06 Registrar « r - L1 °y d Steinfort 

07 Admissions Officer Hr. Thomas Pearce 

08 Librarian » rs - Lorraine Kigac 

32 Director of Student Affairs Me- Noe Patios 

05 Dean of the College Dr. Donald J. Veldt 

33 Director seminary Ministries Dr. Anthony Fortosis 

GRAND RAPIDS JUNIOR COLLEGE 

143 Bostwick Ave N E, Grand Rapids 49503 

Congressional District: 5 

County: Kent FICE Identification: 002267 

Telephone (616) 456-4895 Entity Humber: 1-38-610-0380-A1 

Established 1914 

Enrollment: 7, 834 , 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) . 
control: Local semester 

. Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s; i-i ear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 


Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, DA, DB, VDT, PROP, RAD 
01 President Hr. Richard Calkins 

04 Adainv Assistant to President Hr. Robert Chase 

05 Asst to Pres-Col Development Ms. Anne Mulder-Ednondso 

32 Dean of College Services Dr. Alien Jackson 

10 Director Business Affairs.. Vacant 

06 Registrar-Dir Instr.l Research. Dr. Darrel Weller 

07 Asst Dean of College Services........ Hr. Anthony H , la Penna 

03 Executive Vice President.. Dr. Cornelius Eringaard 

08 Director of library Services Ms. Bernice Whitley 

36 Director of Placement. Hr. John K. Eoerema 

38 Chairperson of Counseling Ms, Shirley West 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Don Schreimer 

30 Dean of Academic Services Dr. Louis Murillo 

51 Dean of continuing Education Dr. Raymond Boozer 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Narinus Svets 

75 Director Occupational Planning Dr. Joar.nie Williams 


GRAND VALLEY STATE COLLEGES 

College Landing, Allendale 49401 Congressional District: 9 
County: Ottawa TICE Identification: 002268 

Telephone (616) 895-661 1 Entity Humber: 1-38- 168-4 280 - A 1 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,142 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $1,020 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Pceparatory; 


Professional 

Accreditation: NH, dARl , HUS, NOR 


05 

10 

Prov 6 Vice Pres Acad Affairs 

Vice Pres for Administration 

. Mr. Ronald P. Vansteeland 


























































U9 








72 

71 


.... Hr. P. Douglas Kindschi 

Dir international Studies 



GREAT LAKES BIBLE COLLEGE 

So 0 ,,??- K2' " s0 ’ mrasffiStS:. ,, sm 

Telephone (517) 321-0242 Entity Number: 1-38-608-0947-A1 

Established 1949 K , 7 

Enrollment: 224 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $1,6 7 

Affiliation: Christian Churches - Churches of Christ Quarter 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: BI Curtis D . Lloyd 

°ol Assistant* to* MmUm* j ! 1 i : ! *. I ! ‘ Mr . Howard U J.nong Jr. 

5 5= : :: : : :: :: : :: £:£■ ;*• as 

to Chief Business Officer.... g”” J’ °re° n 

06 Registrar-Director Admissions ! . 5iss Sancy j‘. Ols^n 

08 Librarian - niss 1 vacant 

32 Dean of Students * * ’ V ” * ’ J ’ ‘ . a pn e er 

37 Financial Aid Officer « rs - Jennie Sen * eC 


HENRY FORD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

5101 Evergreen Road, Dearborn 48128 


Congressional District: 16 
FICE Identification: 002270 
Entity Number: 1-38-61 1-7775-A2 

coed 


County: Vayne 
Telephone (313) 271-2750 
Established 1938 
Enrollment: ”- 3 ^ a „ 9 „ aulte Tnltl0 „ 

Control: Local 

Highest Offering: =2 But less Than 4 rears 


MicgiSM 


198 


Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-rear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR, MRT 

01 President Dr. Stuart H. Bundy 

10 Controller He. Jerry D. Sunrall 

04 Assistant to the President Hr. Harold E. King 

32 Dean Student Personnel Service Hr. Wallace B. Soith 

05 Dean ot Acadeaic Education............. Dr. Richard C. ilespen 

06 Registrar Hr. George C. Paulson 

07 Admissions Officer Hr. Alfred E. Foster 

37 Dir Pinan Aid and Placement Hr. L. Glenn O' Kray 

38 Director of Counseling Mr. Gerald H. Olszewski 

09 Coord Instnl Develop 0 Systems... Dr. James c. Honan 

13 Coord Information 6 Systems Hr. Craig A. Fairbrother 

19 Director of Security Mr. weaver D. Davis 

08 Librarian Hr. Avrato Rosenthal 

53 Dean of Career Education.... Dr. Andrew A. Hazzara 

51 Coord Ctr for Hew Directions Dr. Robert J. Kapecky 

66 Actg Director of Allied Health Vacant 

6 If Director of Physical Education Vacant 


HIGHLAND PARK COHKUKITY COLLEGE 

Glendale at third, Highland Park 40203 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Wayne FICE Identification: 002271 

Telephone (313) 956-0597 Entity Humber: 1-38-600-4196-A1 

Established 1918 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,323 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees <In-State) : $312 
Central: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: MB, RSTIi, RSTHT 

01 President Dr. Comer Heath III 

0* Exec Vice Pres Pers-Lab Rel Cr. Ernest A. Harrison 

05 Adminv Asst Instl Planning Hr. Charles Gordon 

32 Dean Student Services Mrs. Carolyn Williams 

10 Comptroller Hr. Clarence Brantley 

14 Coordinator Data Processing Hr. Calvin Trent 

07 Director Adoissicns-Records Hr. Richard Raymond 

37 .Coordinator Financial Ala (tr. William Polnear 

49 Dean Liberal Arts Hr. Albert Daas 

56 Adminv Asst Extnd Day Dr. Vivian Ross 

66 Director Nursing Hrs. Oretta Todd 

75 Dean Occupational Education Hr. Conklin Dray 

HILLSDALE COLLEGE 

33 East college, Hillsdale 49242 Congressional District: « 
County: Hillsdale FICE Identification: 002272 

Telephone (517) 437-734 1 Entity Nu-iber: 1-3Q-137-4230-A1 

Established 1844 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,035 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,140 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President. Dr. George C. Roche III 

10 Adminv Vice Pres 6 Treasurer Hr. p. Lamar Fowler 

05 Vice Pres for Acadeaic Affairs Dr. John B. Huller 

26 Vice Pres Public Relations Dr. Ronald Trowbridge 

30 Director Development Hr. Hilliac Groobala 

33 Dir Student Affairs-Dean Hen Hr. Robert 0. Hendee 

06 Registrar Hr. Charles E. Wesley 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Russell I. Nichols 

08 Librarian Hr. Dan Joldersaa 

34 Dean of Women Hrs. Carol Ann Backer 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hrs. Conna R. sricker 

51 bean of Continuing Education Er. Michael E. Kolivosky 

68 Athletic Director He. John II. HcAvoy 


HOPE COLLEGE 


Holland 49423 Congressional District: 9 

County: Ottawa FICE Identification: 002273 

Telephone (616) 392-5111 Entity Humber: 1 -30- 138-127 1 -A1 

Established 1062 Caed 

Enrollment: 2,464 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,920 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, art, mus, ted 

ni P Eesil3e,,t *-- Cr. Gordon Van Wylen 

ia f** 070 ® 6 Dr. David Marker 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance....... Mr. William K. Anderson 

30 Vice Pres of Development Mr. Robert De Young 

45 Business Manager Hr. Barry Workman 

08 librarian . i r . Harry Boonstra 

32 Dean of Students hc. Michael Gercie 

26 Director College Relations Hr. Ton Renner 


37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Bruce Himebaugh 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. James Bekkerinq 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. John Watson 

06 Registrar Hr. Jon Huisken 

71 Director of the Summer Session..,.. Hr. Jon Huisken 


JACKSON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


2111 Emmons Road, Jackson 4920 1 Congressional District: 6 

County: Jackson FICE Identification: 002274 

Telephone (517) 787-0800 Entity Number: 1-38- 1 7 9- 5703- A 1 

Established 1928 Coed 

Enrollment: 8,554 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $635 
Control: local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Thar. 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Hr. Harold V. Sheffer 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Hr. Douglas Howry 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs Hr. Donald P. Troyer 

03 Vice President Administration Hr. Lee liowser 

06 Registrar-Dir of Admissions Hr. Gordon J. Glair 

45 Vice President Facilities Hr. B. Lyle 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mrs. Jean Calvert 

08 Director of Library services Hrs. Habre Krueger 

51 Dean of community Services Hr. Robert Dubois 

55 Director of Evening college Hr. William V. Ely 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. R. G. Hanson 

75 Dean of Occupational Education Mr. W. H. Ollila 


+ JORDAN COLLEGE 

360 Pine Street, cedar Springs 49319 

Congressional District: 5 
county: Kent FICE Identification: 029091 

Telephone (616) 696-1 180 Entity Humber: 1-38- 106-2475-A 1 

Established 1967 coed 

Enrollment: 914 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1,450 

Control: Independent Nonprofit. Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year llnccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 


and General; Professional 
Accreditation: 31C 

01 President of Academics Dr. Dewayne A. Coxon 

05 chief Academic Officer Dr. Russell E. lewis 

03 Executive Vice President Charles II. Conboy 

07 Dir Admis-Stdnt Financial Aid Rebecca Scott 

10 Chief Business Manager Gary Johnson 

30 Chief Development Officer Lawrence Young Jr. 

06 Registrar Lucy Kleiboc 

00 Head Librarian , Robert Nichols 


KALAHAKOO COLLEGE 


1200 Academy Street, Kalamazoo 49007 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Kalamazoo PICE Identification: 002275 

Telephone (616) 383- 0400 Entity Number: 1-30- 1 35-00 14-A 1 

Established 1833 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,440 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,794 

Affiliation: Baptist Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. George N. Rainsford 

05 Provost Dr. Warren Board 

10 Vice Pres Business-Finance Dr. Roger J. Fecher 

32 Vice Pres for Student Services Dr. Robert Hagst 

30 Vice Pres Development Hr. Alfred E. Blum 

07 Director of Admissions Vacant 

26 Director of College Relations Mr. Richard D. Nirenberg 

06 Registrar Mrs. Ruth L. Collins 

00 Librarian......... Mrs. Eleanor Pinkham 


KALAMAZOO VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
6767 West 0 Avenue, Kalamazoo 49009 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Kalamazoo FICE Identification: 006949 

Telephone (616) 372-5000 Entity Number: 1 -38- 185-01 78-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,776 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $465 
Control; Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terninal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil , KDH r RSTH , RSTHT 
01 President Dr. Dale B. Lake 



199 


MICHIGAN 


10 Director of Financial Affairs Hr. Carl Besteaan 

05 Dean of Instr-Acad Affairs - . Dr. Marilyn Schlack 

32 Dean of Students.... Dr. Bruce Kocher 

0 4 Asst to the President Mr. Richard A. Olivanti 

Ofl Asst Dean of Library Services Mr. Alfred F. Sagar 

07. Director of Admissions Ms, Penola Presley 

37 Director Financial Aids Hr. Richard D. Rabat 

13 Director Information Services Mr. Gary Fergemann 


KELLOGG COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

450 North Avenue, Battle Creek 49016 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Calhoun FICE Identification: 002276 

Telephone (6 16) 965-3931 Entity Nunber: 1-38-1 94-2332-A1 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 4, “15 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(l n-State) : $558 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, DA, DU, PTA A, RAD 

01 President........ Dr. Richard F. Whitmore 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. James E. Cook 

32 Dir Student 8 Career Services Dr. Chris Zichteraan 

07 Director of Admissions... Hr. Jerome Harz 

06 Registrar Mr. James Spindler 

10 Business Manager Hr. Adam Drozdovski 

00 Director Instructional Design Dr. Frank Crookes 

27 Mgr Publicatns-Pub Information Hr. Roger Erickson 

KENDALL SCHOOL OF DESIGN 

1110 College H E, Grand Rapids 49503 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Kent F1CE Identification: 007618 

Telephone (615) 451-2707 Entity Humber: 1-38-136-2820- A1 

Established 1920 Coed 

Enrollment: 424 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,560 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 
Accreditation: aNH, sart, IPIDER 

01 President Dr. Fhyllis I. Danielson 

05 Academic Dean Constance Phillips 

06 Registrar Ms. Lucy Kleiboer 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Douglas Klemm 

08 Head Librarian Ms. Ruth Hocnbach 

10 Business Officer Ms. Berenice Lamb 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. William Bcovn 


♦ XIRT1AND COilHDNlTY COLLEGE 

Box 59a, Roscommon 48653 Congressional District: 10 

county: Roscommon FICB Identification: 007171 

Telephone (517) 275-5121 Entity Number: 1-38-185-5318-A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,075 

Undergraduate Tuition and Poes (In-State) : $403 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

Ol Pre sident ...................... Hr. Ray 0. Homer 

05 Dean of Instruction Hr, Garnet W. stevact 

10 Dean of Business Affairs....... Mr- Herbert A. Ostrander 

OB Director of Library Mr. Stuart E. Lawrence 

32 Dir Student-Community Services He. William Ingleson 

LAKH MICHIGAN COLLEGE 

2755 E Napier, Benton Harbor 49022 Congressional District: 4 
County: Berrien FICE Identification: 002277 

Telephone (616) 927-3571 Entity Number: 1-38-173-8980-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,301 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : soou 
Control: Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DA, MLTAD, RAD 
01 President Dr. Walter F. Brova 

05 Chief Academic Officer .... Dr. John F. Walter 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Mr. William J. Niemi 

32 Dean of Students... Dr. Tony Svecbinsky 

06 Registrar... Hiss Margaret Crishal 

OB - Dean of Lib Learning Resources Mr. William Bessel 


37 Financial Aids Officer Mrs. Sylvia Colenan 

49 Dean of Arts and Science or. Jases ren t 

51 Dean of Cont Sd-Cmty Services Me. Arthur H. Crump 

75 Dean of Occupational Studies or. Kenneth 2. Snow 

66 Dean Health Sciences Dr. Dorothy 8. Leader 

55 Assoc Dean Evening College Dr. Thomas P. HcCourt 

LAKE SOPERIOR STATE COLLEGE 

Sault Sainte Marie 49783 Congressional District: I 1 

County: Chippewa FICE Identification: 002293 

Telephone (906) 632-6641 Entity Nuaber: 1 -38-188-0022-A1 

Established 1946 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,309 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $960 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, BNGT 

01 President Dr. Kenneth 0. Shouldice 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. John M. Mathesen 

32 Vice Pres for Student Services...... Dr. Harry E. Pike 

03 Vice Pres for Administration Mr. Donald J. Gertie 

08 Director of the Library Dr. Eredrick A. Hichels 

06 Registrar Mr. Duane R. Graham 

07 Dean of Adnissions. . . . Hr. James E. Honkanen 

15 Director of Employee Relations Hr. Roger J. Bergh 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Paul E. Ripley 

37 Director of Financial Aids..... Nr. William T. Munsell 

38 Director of Counseling Hr. John R. Truckey 

14 Director of computer Services Mr. Wayne C. Eohm 

26 Director of college Relations..... Mr. W. T. Babe 

51 Director Continuing Education Mr, William B. Kreiger 


LANSING COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

419 H Capitol Avenue, Lansing 48901 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Ingham FICE Identification: 002278 

Telephone (517) 373-7400 Entity Nuaber: 1-38- 178- 764 1-A1 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 20, 129 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : *630 
Control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, CYTO, DA, IDB, RAD, RSTH, RSTHT 

01 President. Dr. Philip J. Gannon 

04 Adminv Assistant to President Dr. Dale M. Herder 

10 Business Manager Mr. Bruce G. Newman 

30 Director Resource Development........ Hr. Thomas M. Trousdell 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Diane L. Smolen 

13 Dir Plan-Aid Prog-Info System Dr. Charles H. Bettinson 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Ronald E. Dove 

27 Dir Informational Services Mr. Robert J. Bouck 

08 Dean Div Learning Resources Hr. Jaaes P. Platte 

45 Director of Physical Plant Mr. Douglas D. ItcKinstry 

32 Dean Div Student Pers Services Dr. William 5. Schaar 

07 Director of Admissions. Mr. Daniel c. lafave 

fiA Penifitrar Ht. Eric V. Peterson 

37 Director Financial Aid «*• ?® U .^ ^KcEnanev 

36 Placement coordinator Mr. Stephen A. Mc-naney 

38 Chrmn student Develop Services Dr. John H. 

14 Dir Mgmt Information System • Mr. Fred D. Hurlbutt 

50 Dean Division of Business..:.... Me. Nocaan L. Cloutier 

72 Dean Div App Arts and Sciences Mr ‘ 

49 Dean Div of Arts and Sciences........ Mr. Sam mntzer 

LAWRENCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

21000 Ten Mile Boad, Southfield 48075 nio »rirfrs 17 

Congressional District: 

rn „ nH , Oakland FICE Identification: 002279 

Telephone (313) 356-0200 Entity Number: 1 -38- 1 36- 960U - A 1 

Enrollment? 4?991 Undergraduate Tuition and ree8: 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
program: Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ARCH, BUG, BNGT ^ aichard E , Ba rbutger 
30 Vice Pres for Development G. 

32 Director student Services..,.. Stanley P. Harris 

07 Director of Admissions. . Phillips 

08 Director of the Library J. ttlltt Jr. 

26 Director Public Relations.... ........ • ®jj g> Beulah Puc k 

06 Registrar... Bc . Jolin erden 
14 Manager of Bata Processing..... *•** * ' .... „r. Paul F. Kinder 

37 Director Student Financial Aid 





38 Director of Counseling . „ Hr. lewis Moon 

36 Director of Placement Hr. F. Hal HcDavid 

48 Dean of Architecture Hr. Karl I!. Greimel 

49 Dean of Arts and Science Hr. Zaven Margosian 

50 Dean of Management ................. .. .... , Dr. Louis w. Petco 

5n Dean of Engineering Dc. Stephen F. Davis 

72 Dean School for Assoc Studies Dr. Richard E. Michel 

LEWIS COLLEGE CF BUSINESS 

17370 Meyers Road, Detroit 48235 Congressional District: 1 
County: Wayne PICE Identification: 003968 

Telephone (313) 862-6300 Entity (lumber: 1-38-204-696 1-A1 

Established 1874 Coed 

Enrollment: 455 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 32,401 

Control: Independent nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Tear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: II H 

01 Pres Lewis College of Business Hs. Majorie E. Harris 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Hs. Phyllis L. Ponders 

10 Business officer Hr. Gordon Gillespie 

30 Development Officer Hs . Violet E. Ponders 

32 Dean of Student Services Dc. Jim L. Harris 

36 Director Cooperative Education Ht. Daniel Webb 

07 Director of Aduissions Hr. Frank Deshazor 

37 Financial Aid Director Hs. Stefeyne Ponders 

38 Student Counselor Mr. William Rice 

06 Registrar Hs. Sherleen Booker 

08 Librarian Hs. Rita M. Paniccia 

45 Consultant Hr. Harshall KcGhee 

MACOHB COUNTY COMH UNIT T COLLEGE 

■♦CENTRAL OFFICE , 

14500 Tvelva Hile Road, Warren 48093 

Congressional District: 18 
County: Macomb FICE Identification: 002281 

Telephone (313) 445-1000 Entity Nuaher: 1-38-171 -7622-A 1 

01 President Hr. Albert L. Loranzo 

04 Executive Assistant Hr. William E. Hoerauf 

05 Academic Vice President.... Dr. Lyle R. Robertson 

10 Vice President cf Business Hr, Paul J. Otte 

45 Vice Pres Col Plan £ Develop... Dr. James J. Blanzy 

32 Vice Pres Stdnt-Acad Services Dr. Dezo V. Silagyi 

15 Director of Enployee Relations Hr. William Mac gueen 

09 Director of Research Dr. Edward F. Breen 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. louis J. Burdi 

08 Dean of Learning Resources Mr. Edvard J. Erskine 

51 Dean of Coaounity Services Hr. Frank J. Anthonis 

49 Dean General Education Dr. Charles D. Eisenaan 

50 Dean Bus and Public Service Hr. Austin A. Hartshorn 

75 Dean Occup- Technical Education Hr. Edvard Lynch 

♦ MACOMB COUNTY COMM UNITY COLLEGE-CENTER CAMPUS 
44575 Garfield Road, Ht Clemens 48044 

„ t Congressional District: 12 

county: Macomb FICE Identifications 004681 

Telephone (313) 286-2000 Entity Number: 1-38- 1 7 1-7622-A2 

Established 1954 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,778 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 3588 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Teminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; NH, ACNUR, DA, MLTAD 

06 Assoc Dean Admis-Regstutn. Hr. Charles W. Dennis 

38. Assoc Dean Counsel- Finan Aid His. Dorothy Savage 

66 Director of Nursing Hiss Gladys Weiss 

♦MACOMB COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE -SOUTH CAMPUS 
14500 Twelve Mile Road, Warren 48093 

„ u Congressional District: 18 

County: Macomb FICE Identification: 008906 

Telephone (313) 445-7000 Entity Number: 1-38-17 1-7622-A 1 

Established 19 54 Coed 

. Enrollment: 19,841 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $588 
Control: Local Seiester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor '3 Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, 1ADVET 

06 Assoc Dean Admis-Regstr tn Hr. Salvatore Evangelista 

38 Assoc Dean Counsel-Placement Er. Eenjaain J. Shumaker 




HADOHNA COLLEGE 

36600 Schoolcraft Road, Livonia 48150 

Congressional District: 2 
county: Wayne FICE Identification: 002282 

Telephone (313) 591-5000 Entity Number: 1-30- 149-8763- A 1 

Established 1947 Coed 

Enrolment: 3,131 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,508 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Prograo: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditat ion: Nil, NUR, TED 

01 President. Sr. Hary Francilene 

30 Vice President for Development Sr. Hary Lauriana 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs... Sc. Rose Harie 

10 Business Manager Hr. Leonard Wilhela 

06 Registrar Sr, Hary Angelis 

07 Director of Admissions..... Hr. L-uis BrohL 

32 Dean of Student Development Sc. Emeline Bash 

08 Librarian Sr. Mary Lydia 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hr. Chris Ziegler 

14 Director of Computer Center Sc. Mary Alexander 

27 Assoc Director of Development Mrs. Mary Van Alsten 

28 Director Buildings 6 Grounds Sr. Hary Fidepia 

46 Director of Personnel Sr. Mary Cordia 

HARYGROVE COLLEGE 

8425 W Hctlicbols Road, Detroit 48221 

Congressional District: * 
county: Wayne FICE Identification: 0022=4 

Telephone (313) 862-8000 Entity Number: 1-38-1 35-8399-A* 

Established 1910 Coed 

Enrollment: 958 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,115 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, SV, TID 

01 President Dr. John E. Shay Jr. 

05 Academic Dean.. Sr. John Clement Hungeraan 

45 Director Planning and Budget Hr. Thomas K. Plofchan 

10 Treasurer Mr . william Coleman 

30 Dir Develop C Public Rel Mrs. Eileen Harz 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mrs. Reva Thompson 

06 Registrar Sr. Margaret Conoghue 

08 Librarian Sr. Anna Hary Waickoan 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Charles D. Donaldson 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Linda Gibbs 

29 Director Alumni Relations... Mrs. Diane Kaniut 

14 Director Computer Center.... Sr. Ignatia Frye 

19 Director of Security... he. Roy Gipperich 

38 Director Student Counseling Mr. Philip Gaobino 

58 coordinator Graduate Program Ms. Virginia D. Jones 

51 Dean Cont Ed-Cmty Services Dc. Philip T. Rosen 

MERCY COLLEGE OF DETROIT 

8200 West Outer Drive, Detroit. 48219 

Congressional District: 17 
County: Wayne FICE Identification: 002286 

Telephone (313) 592-6000 Entity Huaber: 1-38-135-9267-A1 

Established 1941 Coed 

Enrollaent: 2,281 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,540 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Seaester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program Terminal Occupational Eelow Dachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, APCP, &DIET, MLTAD, MRA, MR I , MT, NUB 

01 President..... s c . Agnes Mary Mansour 

03 Vice Pres Acad-Dean stdnt Aff Dr. John E. McNary 

38 Dean of Academic Services Dr. Elizabeth R. Sutherland 

ic Controller. Mr. Spud Watkins 

id ^ rec ^ oc Parsonnel Hs. Katina Mehas 

19 Director of Public Safety Hr. Paul Oliver 

06 Registrar Sr. M. Martina Begin 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Jeanne umholtz 

08 Librarian... Mr. Gerald Jacks 

32 Dean of Students Hr. John C. Thomson 

26 Director of College Relations Mr. Allen Gruenke 

27 Assoc Dir col Rel-Develcpnent Mrs. Alice Hagerty 

29 Coordinator Alumni Relations. Sr. Celeste Schneider 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mrs. Hary Jane Plapp 

25 Grants Manager Ms. Cynthia Battenbecg 

36 Director of Placement H s. Barbara B. Kabcenell 

13 Director Informations Systems.... Hr. John Fosselaan 

MICHIGAN CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

800 West Avon Hoad, Rochester 48063 

Congressional District: 12 
county: Oakland FICE Identification: 002288 



MICHIGAN 


Telephone (313) 651-5800 Entity Number: 1-3B-161-9831-A1 

Established 1959 Coed 

Enrollment: 262 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,930 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 9 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: N H 

01 President. fir . Miltor. Fletcher 

"10 Vice President... Mr. William Eovler 

05 Academic Dean... Dr- larry 1. Jurney 

32 Bean of Students Dr. Leonard Knight 

07 Director of Admissions... Mr. Larry Stewart 

06 Registrar he. Charles Gibbs 

08 Librarian Mrs. Diane Mullens 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Kent Hoggatt 

30 Director of Development Hr. Jesse Clayton 


MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY 


East Lansing 90824 Congressional District: 6 

County: Ingham FICE Identification: 002290 

Telephone (517) 355-1855 Entity Number: 1-30-600-5904-Al 

Established 1855 Coed 

Enrollment: 47,350 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $1,420 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ADVET, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, COPSY, S DIET , ENG, 
FIDER, FOR, YIFS'i, JOUR, LSAR, MED, HUS, NUB, O5TE0, SP, 

SH, TED, HV ET 

01 President Dr. Cecil HacKey 

05 Provost Dr. Clarence 1. Winder 

03 Vice Pres Adminv-Pub Affairs Mr. Jack Breslin 

10 Assoc Vice Pres for Business Mr. Roger E. Wilkinson 

00 Vice Pres Finance 6 Operations fir. Kenneth V. Thompson 

30 Vice President fer Development Hr. Joseph E. Dickinson 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Moses Turner 

25 Vice Pres Res Graduate Studies - • Dr. Jchn E. Cantlon 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Elliot G. Ballard 

15 Asst Vice President Personnel Dr. Keith F- Gcoty 

14 Director Data Processing Hs. Dorothy J. Itopkin 

26 Vice Pres University Relations Ms. Connie W. Stewart 

06 Registrar Dr. Horace c. King 

09 Asst Dir of Instnl Research Mr. Lynn H. Peltier 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles F. Seeley 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Richard E. Chapin 

19 Dir Public safety Department Hr. Richard 0. Bernitt 

29 Director of Alumni Relations- Hr. John R. Kinney 

37 Act g Dir of Financial Aids Mr. Ronald L. Roderick 

36 Director of Placement Bureau Mr. John D. Shingletan 

51 Dean Lifelong Ed Programs Dr. Rayeond D. Vlasin 

58 Dean of the Graduate School. Er. Herbert J. Oyer 

63 Dean College of Human Medicine Dr. w. Donald Weston 

74 Dean Col Veterinary Medicine Dr. John R. Welser 

54 Dean College of Engineering Dr. Lawrence Von Tersch 

47 Dean College of Agriculture Dr. James H. Anderson 

50 Dean of College cf Business Dr. Richard J. Levis 

□Q Director Evening College...., Dr. Charles A. HcKee 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Keith Goldhammet 

49 Dean Col of Arts and Letters Dr. Alan M. Hollingsworth 

OG Dean James Madison College.. Dr. Barbara C. Steidle 

00 Dean Lyman Briggs college..... Dr. Michael J. Harrison 

55 Actg Dean University College Dr. Willard G. Warrington 

71 Dean Intrnatl Stdies 6 Progs ..... Dr. Ralph H. Smuckler 

65 Dean College Natural Science Dr. Richard U. Byerrun 

56 Director Cooperative Extension..... Dr. Gordon E. Guyer 

57 Chairman Art Department Dr. Roger L. Punk 

59 Dean College of Human Ecology Dr. Lois A. Lund 

60 Dean Col Coxmun Arta-Science Dr. Ervin P. Bettinghaus 

64 Chairman Music Department............. Dr. Kenneth Bloonquist 

66 Dean College of Nursing Dr. Isabelle F. Payne 

68 Chairman Hper Department Dr. Gale E. Mickles 

69 Chrnn Microbiology- Pub Health Dr. Paul T. Magee 

70 Director School cf Social Work........... Dr. Pred H. Cox 


MICHIGAN TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY 

Houghton 49931 Cong 

County: Houghton PICE 

Telephone (906) 487-1835 Entity Hu 

Established 1885 
Enrollment: 7,690 

Undergraduate Tuition and 

Cent col: State 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bac 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Pro 
Accreditation: NH, ENG, ENGT, FOR 

0 1 President •* ■ • 

04 Vice Pres Adminv Services 


cessional District: 11 
Identification: 002292 
aber: 1-36-600-5955-A1 
Coed 

Fees (In- State) : $1,059 
Quarter 

helor's; Liberal Arts 
fessional 


05 Actg Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Calvin v. Gale 

10 Vice Pres Operations 6 Finance Hr. Edvard J. Ko-epel 

15 Director of Employee Relations... Hr. John R. Gooch 

27 Hgr of Communication Mr, Laurance G. Chambers 

06 Registrar »r. Gary A. Vickstrom 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Ernest P. Griff 

08 Acting Director of the Library - Mr. Robert D. Patterson 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Harold Meese 

25 Acting Director of Research.......... Dr. Frederic II. Etbisch 

09 Dir of Institutional Analysis Dr. Douglas A. Stuart 

29 Exec Sec of Alumni Association Hr. Thomas F. Hruby 

30 Exec Dir Univ Fund Development Hr. Ronald P. Ilelman 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Donald S. Holman 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Douglas D. Rappley 

14 Director Computer Services....... Mr. Vance B. Nelson 

58 Assoc Dean of Graduate Studies.... Dr- Leland K. Shirely 

50 Intrei Dean Bus S Engr Admin Mr. George R. Butler 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. Gordon P. Krueger 

47 Dean of Forestry Dr. Eric A. Bcurdo 

49 Dean of Science and Arts Dr. William J. Powers 

53 Actg Dir Div Educ C Put Serv Dr. Michael L. Agin 

72 Dean of Technology Mr. Gerald J. Caspary 

HID MICHIGAN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1375 South Clare Avenue, Harrison 4R025 

Congressional District: 10 
County: Clare FICE identification: 006768 

Telephone (517) . 366-7792 Entity Number: 1 -38- 181 -2272 -A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,660 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $542 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
prograa : Terninal Occupational Below Bachnloi’s; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 

Accreditation: Nil, RAD ^ 

01 President. - Dr - E !i? erie lla 

03 Vice President Instnl Affairs. Hr. Thomas A. Nyguist 

05 Dean of Instruction Nr. Ronaid G ,‘n ? |: r ? h 

32 Dean of Student services Mr. Allen T. Nichols 

04 Adainv Assistant to President Mrs. Wilma E. Randall 

06 Registrar and Dir Admissions Mrs. Marilyn A. Giliet. 

08 Director of Madia Center. Mr. Thomas H. Lyons 

37 Financial Aid Officer Ms. Annette tester 

10 Financial Aid officer Mrs. Carol J * 

36 Director of Job Mr. Richard c. Stoeker 

75 Dean Occupational Education Dr. Charles J. Corrigan 

66 Dean of Allied Health Mrs. Violet R. Rea 

♦MONROE COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1555 South Paisinville Rd, Monroe 48161 

Congressional District: 2 
Countv: Monroe FICE Identification: 002294 

Telephone (3 13) 242-7300 Entity Number: 1-38-609- 63 11- A 1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $U80 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil _ 

01 President Dr. ^nald Campbell 

05 Dean of Instruction... • D f* 

10 Dean of Business Affairs... Hr. Adelard II. Raby III 

32 Dean Student Pers Service Mr. Gerald D. Welch 

06 Registrar Laurence N . Wilson 

08 Director Learning Resources His3 Joan M. Woodruff 

26 Public Relations Officer Mr * Lonnie Brunswick 

07 Ad mis Off and Place counselor Mr. Jack McDonald 

55 Dir Evening and Cont Educa tion • Mr. Richard Teatt 


MONTCALM COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


qidnev 48885 Congressional District: 10 

County: Montcalm FICE Identl “^ t ^ ! 

Telephone (517) 328-211 1 Entity Number; i -38-179-0920-Ai 

Established 1965 Coe<1 

Undergraduate Tuition arid Fees (In-State) : $534 

Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 

»r. H.rb.rt ». staut.nbut, 

03 Vice President Mr. Donald C. Burns 

05 Director Cooperative Education '• Mr. Danny Herman 

27 Director of Public Information Mrs. Lois J. Springsteen 

10 Business Manager... * Mr. Gordon E. Peltier 


.... Dr. Dale F. Stein 
Mr. William G. Lucier 



MIC HIG AN 


. 222 . 


08 Director of Learning Center Hr, John B. Carlson 

32 Director of Student Services Hr. Robert E. Hinnick 

05 Director of Arts and science Hr. Dennis Mulder 

Q7 Dir Financial Aid 6 Admissions Hr. Michael Turnbull 

06 Recorder nr. Sally Mathisen 

75 Dir of Occupational Education Mr. David pilon 

66 Director of Nursing Hcs . Jo Ann Pegis 

51 Director Community services Hr. Killian Lynangrover 

MUSKEGON BUSINESS COLLEGE 

141 Hartford Street, Muskegon 09442 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Huskegon FICE Identification: 002296 

Telephone (616) 726-4904 Entity Humber: 1-38-1 e9-5805-A1 

Established 1085 Coed 

Enrollment: 994 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,935 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainai Occupational Belov Eachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB 

01 President Robert D. Jewell 

03 Executive Vice President Gordon HacDonald 

30 Vice Pres of Computer Services Robert Hogan 

05 Academic Dean Boger Miller 

07 Director of Admissions Michael Boedy 

MUSKEGON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

221 5 Quarterline Road, Huskegon 49442 

congressional District: 9 
county: Muskegon FICB Identification: 002297 

Telephone (6 16) 773-9131 Entity Number: 1-38- 171-7800-A1 

Established 1926 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,175 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (ifi-State) : $527 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, da 

DE> John G * Hopson 

03 Dean of Administration Cr. Donald F. Meyer 

04 Assistant to the President Mrs. Carolyn Iversen 

05 Dean of Instruction vacant 

14 Director of Data Processing Mr. 0 avid seith 

32 Dean of Students- # 4 nr Preston Full i 

08 Assoc Dean Learning Resrc Ctr Dr. Gregory c. Franklin 

07 »f« S< ? iCeS Hr. James Norris 

07 Associate Dean Admissions. Vacant 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Ms. Mary'jo Mccann 

51 Dean of Community Services... Dr. Dennis Hilsan 

66 Director Allied Health .WW" 5?s. Karen UllTn 

NAZARETH COLLEGE 

5711 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,700 

A f filiation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate semester 

Program: liberal Art3 and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, NUR, SH, TED 

01 President n _ , 

SI IsrJi’lJayMJas:::::: i • - H 

M SS^c'SKSmSS:;:::;;;;;:;;;;; ~ 

06 Registrar * 

Si ;Secto^f 1 ^; 0nal ResearcB '* ••••"* St .*inn MSrie^Roberts 

07 Director of Admissions Dr. Virginia Jones 

NORTH CENTRAL MICHIGAN COLLEGE 

KJv^mmeE' Set0sk ^ 1,9770 Congressional District: 11 

ESbSlshed^JgsS 3 ' 7 " 3973 ^titfNumSeui-1e-^S-6?60-A? 

Enrollment: 1,874 Coed 

control: Local Un(leC9raduate and Fees (In-State) : $480 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years Semester 

Program: Terainai Occupational Belov Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

President Hr. Alfred D. Shankland 


06 Dean Instruction and Registrar Mr. Robert Vratanina 

10 Business Manager Hr. Robert Graham 

0B Librarian Mr. George Stewart 

32 Dean of Students Mr. David Hunger 

75 Dean of Vocational Studies Hr. Arthur Francis 

NORTHERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY 

Marquette 49B55 Congressional District; 11 

County: Marquette FICE Identification: 002301 

Telephone (906) 227-1000 Entity Number: 1-38-602-9206-A1 

Established 1899 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,451 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $1,059 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, AUD, DIBIT, MLTAD, MLTC , MUS , SP, SK, TED 
01 President Dr. John x< Jaorich 

f Dr * Robert E. Glenn 

10 Vice Pres Business ana Finance Mi. Lyle F Shaw 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. Allan L. Niemi 

33 Dean of Students Du. Norman E. Hefke 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. John M. Kunkel 

on f 8r Br ‘ ^ Rajala 

00 earian Mu. Jon D. Drabenstott 

45 Dir Management Info Services Mr. Hhitney L. Johnson 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. Kalmer E. Stordahl 

38 Director Counseling Dr. Rog er Peterson 

15 Dir Personnel-staff Benefits Mr. William H. Clark 

29 Director of Alumni Relations. . Mr. Terry H« Nvcjuist 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Robert L. Pecotte 

30 Exec Dir Development Fund Mr. Thomas Peters 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Keith M. Forsberg 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Donald D. Ileikkinen 

50 Dean of Business Dr. Robert N. Hanson 

53 Dean of Education Dr. w Ub ert A. Berg 

58 Actg Dean Graduate Studies Dr. Jane 0. Swafford 

66 Dean of Nursing Hrs . Margaret A . Ret tig 

68 Associate Provost Dr. Glenn P. Stevens 

NORTHWESTERN MICHIGAN COLLEGE 

1701 E Front Street, Traverse city 49684 

„ Congressional District: 10 

County: Grand Traverse FICE Identification: 002302 

Telephone (616) 946-5650 Entity Number: 1 -38-602-7348- A1 

Established 1951 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,969 

„ , , . , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $585 

Control: Local Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DA 

3? Dr " William J. Yankee 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Lornie a. Kerr 

JJ Sir 1 ?*®? M t na ' ,er# : : Mr. Michael E. Ouwerkerk 

T fhr^ ?iSSl ° nS a RQ q istra r Dr. John H. Anderson 

37 [< a' A'l Kr- Bernard C. R ink 

ll ia i if d D * rect0J: Mr. Robert D. Warner 

It "L? i f? ctoc ;*-*;; JafflGS R * Be 8 a» 

26 College Relations Coordinator Mrs. Kathleen Guy 

49 Acting Dean of Instruction Mr. Peter D. Rush 

NORTHW00D INSTIT0TE 

3225 cook Road, Midland 48640 Congressional District: 10 

. ««„ FICE Identification; 008759 

EstabUshed 5 1959 631 ' 16 °° Entity Number: 1-36- 1 62-4604-A 1 

Enrollment: 1,791 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $2,910 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Ouarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terainai Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General 
Accreditation: NH 

tl EX !? 0 ^icer Hr. Thomas J. Brown 

2? Operating Officer Dr. David E. Pry 

30 College.... Mr. Edgar A. Madden 

22 2}”2*° r of Development. Mr. Donald B. Tallman 

ll Infocaation Services Mrs. Carol Campbell 

25 !££®£®5;*r-; ««• Carolyn Barnett 

07 St f * ------- Mrs, Martha Fuce 

01 tthrS^n Ad “ issiona< Mr. Jack King 

22 L " Sel<>i Hrs - Catherine S. Nelson 

o? c ?? ag6r ;-” w •••■• Hr * David Moeggenberg 

2? College- iexas Campus Mr. Randolph Roten 

02 Dean of College-lndiana Campus Hr. Gerard Lacey 



25J— 


HICHIGAN 


QAKLAHD COMHUHITY CCLIEGE 


2U80 Opdyke Road, Bloomfield Hills 46013 19 

Congressional Distri-C * y6 o 
County: Oakland F1CE Identification: “V . l 

Telephone {313) 647-6200 Entity Humber: 1- 3 8— l75 “ 1S ^ 0 ail 

Established 1964 

Enrollment: 20,683 «r,i|2 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : „ r 
Control: State/local Tri»e 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2 -Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, DA, DH, RSTll , j ,, 

01 President Hr. Robert F. E ° e nr0 i l 

04 Vice Pres-Eoployee Relations nr. Janes ste '(?^ c i 

10 Vice President Dr. w. H. Ni ( 

07 Exec Dir Adainv C Acad Serv nr. C. Bruce Ha 

02 Provost Highland lakes Caapus...... Dr. (led A. BrodB • 

02 Provost Sthest Caapus System. . ... Hr. Walter O. Fightraae 

02 Provost Auburn Hills Caapus Dr. Marion B 

02 Provost Orchard Ridge Campus.......... Hr. Richard T. ThOOP 

26 Dir Public Bel-Research Adain Dr. Betty ». 

37 Controller Treasurer Hr. A. D. Jot* 1 


OAKLAND UNIVERSITY 


Congressional District: 19 
FICE Identification: 002JO 
Entity Nuober: 1-30- 171-4400-* 

Cool 


Rochester 48063 
County: Oakland 
Telephone (313) 377-2100 
Established 19 57 
Enrolment: 11,729 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-State) : fl 
Control: State Seoe3tor 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 


foutir: hH TICE Identification: 002 311 

tiH[Lcu [411) Entity llunber; 1-38-1 36-0367-Al 

fiUhlUlilHH Coed 

tmnllmt! fl) Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 11,500 
CjDtioll Suproflt Semester 

Highest OHnfog; lot 5 Year Baccalaureate 
riOjili! THillil Dccufatiotia 1 Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
inJ Cmril 
jrricllUtiti! jl 

d( malliit..... Dr. Dick L. Van Halsena 

OS vKd Icildic Iffaixs Dr, Paul 1. Brener 

jb fKJB lot l<i!iilc dojrais Hr. Harold J. Bcuxvoort 

10 Tice r «9 HEalts Dr. Bernard II. VeLzen 

nj iiitiflii kiss Joanne Boehm 

Q6 iMlntlir Hiss Connie J. Scheurwater 

u ik» ilKHm stulcn Ufairs Rev. Jacob P. lieereoa 

)u fi*a» al 


Mrs. Thea B. Van Halsena 


r.jcsiD nun ilium cduege 
hoi lWciio loihitil, Oetroit 118206 

1 Congressional District: 1 

. FICF. Identification: 002313 

KWM0 Humber: 1-30- 135-8214- A1 

j.. i.( H071 

Hili.nl' 1)1 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,300 
tnliuil«i Semester 

i ortnlUJ 5 *oar a sccal aureate 
f i og (mi: ittmliHHti mm ™ 1 

..‘SSTriStlV V R 0Vl nectmra J - Hattington 

n!!K3«1«* mStvaUs Hov. Richard A. Osehold 

SJ![ j Hew. Walter A. Harkowicz 

08 ll> " ■" DC. Robert V. Peckhao 

0i iftthdiiidont Rev- Prancis R . Reiss 

SSSSiSS ' 0,i ” *• “ ltt 


SM iuu»mr iiiii iou>Mt 

CoaMJl , , 8 ,„ 

iMcfhon (5U| 

imiHUM W 

J, . t0 Tui uon and Fees (In-State) i Jl,0iB 

Triuester 


Congressional District; D 
PICK Identification! 002314 
Entity number: 1 -30- 179-0000-A1 
Coed 


fieittil'inl 

4 cen 4 l«<»' ! 11 

oi 

Teachor Preparatory; 

......... Dr. Jack H. Ryder 

.... Dr. Eaerson D. GLLbert 

an Jico 



Dr. A. Jefferson Sharp 



Ji il nclii w^oianriUo! i 


09 pu in w > /!!!:!;!«„ 

... Hr. Richard P. Thompson 



|U blicrlol »< C!l 


J! tlr »i r:!!!!:::::: 


ao uirtctoi o( ‘ J j 

Hr. Laurence K. Fitzpatrick 

15 Director «l J 1 


19 Director M»uc 



Hr. H. S. Smith 

* * ", Dr. Philip E. Beal 

32 pneti «< sciences 

. . . nr. Eugene J. llaoilton 


Dr. Janes L. Hitchell 


Dr. Harold w. Peterson 

53 Dn»h ts ,i, i lochnol 

... Dr. Crystal H. Lange 

66 Dnnn i«*W * 


rosBUllTV COLLEGE 

SAIHI CU1> District- ’2 

. unmn 40060 congressional District. * 
i?i Fiid PICE identification: 002310 

-salat : i 4 !! Fr.Litv Number: 1-38-185-7017 -A1 


COUBlf! rnury ■ - - Coe d 

lolophono J’jAj 

Control! l* 1 } j jot LOSE Than 4 Year f . « Ypar 
Hubert 0«« IJcafational Delow Bachelor s, 2 Year 

Progtaii w !| “lictilor's creditable 

, P ^!£s II Dr. Richard L. Norris 

01 H lJslf aB * th H> Poley 

07 Director s * sts0 uicfifi -•••••••*. 



MJjCHIGAH 


204 


10 Dean Administrative Services.... Hr. Jack E. Taylor 

32 Dean of student Affairs Dr. Frederick B. Hauenstein 

27 Dir Information Services Hr. Thomas G. Sicklesteel 

37 Director of Financial Aids Hrs. Barbara H. Hoyt 

51 Director Continuing Education Hr. Jerry E. Lynch 

75 Dean of Instruction Hr. Arnold E. Hetz 

SAIHT JOHN'S PROVINCIAL SEMINARY 

4401 1 Five Mile Boad, Plymouth 48170 

Congressional District: 35 
county: Wayne FICE Identification: 029154 

Telephone (313) 4S3-6200 Entity Number: l- 38- 135-9531-A1 

Established 1949 Coed 

Enrollment: 142 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: JO 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Pirst Professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NR, THEOL 

01 Rector-President Rev. Kenneth E. Untener 

05 Academic Dean-Registrar Hs. Jean H. Lambert 

08 Librarian Sr. Joy Hiller 

ID Business Hanager Ms. Katherine H. Hunter 

32 Dean of Students Rev. James P. challancin 

SAINT HARY'S COLLEGE 

Commerce £ Orchard Lk Rds, Orchard Lake 48033 

Congressional District: 19 
County: Oakland PICE Identification: 002321 

Telephone (313) 662- 1 0e5 Entity Number: 1-38- 1 35-8403-A1 

Established 1885 Coed 

Enrollment: 212 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 51,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation; HU 

01 President Rev. Leonard f. Chrofcot 

05 Acting Dean of Studies Dr. John Gutowski 

05 Regstr-Procurator £ Treasurer Rev. Lawrence Hoppe 

33 Dean of Students Mr. Randall Berd 

„ brarian * Br0 ‘ John Pederovlcz 

29 Exec Sec of Alumni Association Rev. Michael Dylag 

07 Director of Admissions Hs. Shirley Zytel 

05 Dir Institutional Research Sr. Janice n. Ziolkowski 

27 Director Infornation Office Sr. Mary Anne Brennan 

SCHOOLCRAFT COLLEGE 

18600 Haggerty Road, Livonia 48152 Congressional District: 2 
County: Nayne PICE Identification: 002315 

Telephone (313) 5S1-6400 Entity Number: 1-38-168-5740-A1 

Established 1961 * Coed 

Enrollment: 7,904 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : J585 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeac 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: HH, MLTAD, MRT 

32 vice llll ? US \ n ? S a Hc > *• Kennetl » Lindner 

H Hit P 8 f f ° r stwde ? t Affairs Mr. Edvard V. McNally 

15 Hanager of Personnel Services Mr. Gerald H. Munro 

cl C ? Ue ?! li f acias «r. Patrick oSer 

09 Dir of Instructional Research Hr. jaues Havnek 

It Colleg9 Relatlons Hr. David L. Heinznan 

07 52 £ ToVoi Filins::: f '«£“ til £ a £ j°® s;i; 

19 Director of Public Safety . Hrf "red N^nbecJ 

38 Director of l lQ ^ L Alda «t. John B. Tolly 

36 S?r , Counseling „ r . John R< Velfc6 ' 

14 Direr+nr Sj nf? Dr * Ronald Konfette 

It i 1? Data Ce ? ter * Hr. Ronald J. Hagner 

ll °f CoitinuXng Education Hr. Ronaid’ l". ’crif f ith 

53 Dean of Instruction Hr. Robert D. Steely 

+SHAN COLLEGE AT DETROIT 

7351 Koodvard Avenue, Detroit 48202 

coimt-v B„n a Congressional District: 13 

L e t 1 abl h is5ed 3 1 1 936 873 “ ?92 ° EnUt ^ 

rnn?ri?? n ^ 603 . , Un de f 9 cad » a t « Tuition and Fees; $2^500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Pr °a nd^General* 131 Oocupationa:i Delov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 


Accreditation: 3NH, IDA 

01 President Dr . Rooallus C. Hurphy 

05 Exec Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Kalyan Ghosh 

10 Vice Pres Bus 6 Fiscal Affairs Hr. Leon E. Knott 

32 Dean Student Affairs Vacant 

30 Director Develop E Planning Hr. Anderson llerold 

06 Dean Admission £ Registrar Hr. Taylor E. Jones 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Donald Hurt 

08 Dir Learning Resrc Center. Hrs. Bessie M. Bannister 

15 Director of Personnel Hrs. Iraa Williams 

26 Director of College Relations Hrs. Linda Williams 

09 Dir of institutional Research Dr. Shanta sharma 

38 Director of Counseling M r. Eddison Hines 

36 Dir Career Planning-Placement Mr. Joseph G. teavell 

57 Div Chairperson Humanities Dr. Arnold Heracd 

49 Div Chairperson Hat Science Mrs. Janet Russell 

70 Div Chairperson Soc Science Dr. Gilmary Best 

50 Division Chairperson Business Hr. George A. Grayr 

66 Director Nursing Program Hrs. Hartha P. Hood 

SIENA HEIGHTS COLLEGE 

1247 Siena Heights Drive, Adrian 49221 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Lenawee FICE Identification: 002316 

Telephone (517) 263-0731 Entity Number: 1 -38-136-6958-A' 

Established 1919 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,237 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 52,520 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President.... de. Louis c. Vaccaro 

05 Dean of the college Hr. James Ebben 

30 Exec Dir of College Relations Mrs. Charlotte Howard 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer Hr. Robert Howard 

34 Dean Student Development Sr. Barbara Hall 

32 Asst Dean Stdnt Development Mrs. Liana Kuckelkorn 

07 Director of Admissions Sr. Ann Marie Brown 

06 Registrar Hr. Robert Parker 

08 Librarian Hr. Mark Dombrowski 

SOUTHWESTERN MICHIGAN COLLEGE 

Cherry Grove Road, Dowagiac 49047 Congressional District: 4 
County: Cass FICE Identification: 002317 

Telephone (616) 782-5113 Entity Number: 1-38- 178-61 20-A1 

Established •’964 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,001 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $540 
Control: State/Local 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

a<! president. • Dr. Russell M. Owen 

05 Vice Pres for Instruction Dr. William E. Spencer 

06 Vice Pres student Services Nr. David C. Schultz 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. David c. Briegel 

3 7 Dean of students. Mr. Oswald L. Vecellio 

07 Assoc Dean of student Services Mr. Ronald E. Brechner 

36 Dir Job Location Development Mr. Robert s. Campbell 

04 Asst to the President Dr. Robert V. Kovach 

S? nik|; a *; iaru Miss Charlotte M. Nentz 

72 Dean School of Technology Dr. Norman C. Ashcraft 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Hr. Wesley L. Muth 

66 Dean School of Nursing Mrs. Mary E. Parks 

68 Dean of Sports Education Mr. Ronald A. Gunn 

50 Dean School of Business Dr. John ?.. Calvert 

SPRING ARBOR COLLEGE 

106 Main Street, Spring Arbor 49283 

_ „ , , Congressional District: 6 

County: Jackson FICE Identification: 002318 

Telephone (517) 750-1200 Entity Number: 1-38-135-9569-A1 

Established 1073 Coea 

Enrollment: 1,048 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,600 

Affiliation: Free Methodist Other 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: Nil 

or p f eside 4 t * • Dr. Kenneth H. Coffman 

?* ce Pces ,^ oc Aca <3enic Affairs.... Dr. Alton R. Kurtz 

30 Vice President for Development Hr. David L. Gines 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Kenneth R. Beardslee 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Mr. David E. Klopfenstein 

n? 9iS * tar ” Hr. Raymond E, Whiteman 

36 Director Placement Services Mrs. Margaret M. Harris 

„ Director of Financial Aids.... nr. Robert W. Pyke 

39 Director of Counseling Rev . verdon 8. Dunckel 

08 Director of the Library Dr. Lucy J. Maddox 

07 Director of Admissions.. Mr. Karl G. Somerville 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. Richard H. Bailey 



MICHIGAN 


SUOMI COLLEGE 


♦UNIVERSITY Of HICJ1IGAN-AS H ARBOR 


Quin 
Caun 
Tale 
Esta 
Enro 
ACfi 
d igh 
Prog 
P 

A ccr 
01 Pre 
0 5 Qea 
10 Com 
3 0 Dir 
08 Lib 
32 Dea 
07 Dir 


cy, Hancock 4 
ty: Houghton 
phone (906) 4 
blished 1096 
llment: 440 
liation: Luth 
est Offering: 
ram: Terminal 
rincipally Ea 
editation: NH 
sident ....... 

n of the Cell 

ptroller 

ector of Deve 

rar ian 

n of Students 
ector of Adrai 


9930 Congressional District: 11 

F ICE Identification: 002322 
82-5300 Entity Humber: 1 -38- 135- 9570- A1 

Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,900 
eran Church in America Semester 

2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
chelor's creditable 


Rev. Ralph J. Jalkanen 

ege.. Dr. Donald A. Myrvik 

Mr. Ray H . Piiparinen 

lopraent Mr. William D. Hade 

Mrs. Janet A. Ealguist 

Mr. Richard D. Phillips 

ssions Mr. John H. Kilpect 


♦ THOMAS H. COOLEY LAH SCH0CL 

217 South Capitol Avenue, Lansing 48933 

Congressional District: 6 
County; Ingham F1CE Identification: 012627 

Telephone (5 17) 371- 5140 Entity Humber: 1-75- 130-2675-A1 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,079 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO 

Control: Independent nonprofit. Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: professional 
Accreditation: LAH 

01 President Mr. Thomas E. Brennan 

05 Dean......... Robert E. Krinock 

10 Controller Mr. William E. Schoettle 

08 Law Librarian Peter M. Kerapel 

06 Registrar.. Harylynn Gallagher 

07 Director of Admissions..... Maciann Fachat 

26 Public Information Officer. Karen Greengacd 

32 Assistant Dean Beverly J. Hunt 

3 7 Dir Financial Aid Personnel Kenneth A. Hiebeck 


Ann Arbor 48109 congressional District: 2 

County: Washtenaw FICE identif icat ion. 

Telephone (313) 764-1817 Entity Humber: 1-38-600-6309 A1 

Established 1817 
Enrollment: 36,158 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) . ou 

Control: State Tnmestet 

Highest offering: Dcctciate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Accredit ationt^HH, AHEST, ARCH, ART, AUD, BUS , ' dPS*/ ' 

CYTO, DENT , Dll, EHG, FOR, HSA, JOUR, LAW, LIB f LSPP ' "eu 
MICE, HT, MUS, NMT, HUB , PH, PH AR , FTA, RAD, RTT , SP, SW, 

T F D 

01 President Dr- Harold T. Shapiro 

07 Director of Adaissions Dr. Clifford F. Sjogren 

08 Director University Litcary Cr. Richard M . Dougherty 

09 Dir Acad Planning 6 Analysis • 

29 Exec Dir of Alumni Association Mr. Robert G. 

36 Director of placement Services Dr. Evart H. »rdi- 

13 Dir Administrative systems Hr. Samuel .1. Plice 

14 Director of Computing Center Dr. Aaron Finecman 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Harvey P- Grotrian 

56 Dir Univ Extension Service Dc. Alfred H. Storey 

49 Actg Dean Col Lit Science Arts DC. John R. Knott Jr. 

65 Dean School natural Resources...- Dr. Hilliaa J. Johnson 

50 Dean of the Graduate School. Dr. Alfred s. Sussman 

6 1 Dean of the Lav School Dr. Terrance Sandalow 

63 Dean of the Medical School Dr.. John A. Gronvall 

66 Dean School of Nursing. n' 

52 Dean of School of Dentistry Dr. ^llian R- Mann 

54 Actg Dean Col of Engineering... Dr. Hansford W. Farris 

48 Dean Col Arch and Urban Plan Me. Metcalf 

50 Dean Sch of Bus Administration... Dr. Gilbert R. Whitaker Jr. 

70 Dean School of Social Work Ot. pb ^ lli P *' 

67 Dean of Collage of Pharmacy Dr. Ara 

64 Dean of the School of Music Dr. Paul C. Hoylan 

69 Dean Sch of Public Health Dr. Richard 0. Remington 

53 Dean of School of Education .... Dr. Joan S. Stark 

62 Dean School Library Science Dr. Pussell E. Bldlack 

57 Dean School of Art Mr. George V. Eayli-=s 


UNIVERSITY OF DETROIT 

4001 West McNichols Road, Detroit 48221 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Wayne PICE Identification: 002323 

Telephone (313) 927-IOCO Entity Humber: 1-38 -1 3C-0506-A 1 

Established 1877 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,025 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,840 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Doctcrate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ANEST, ARCH, DUS, IDEHT , Dll, ENG, LAW, 

NMT, RSTII, SW 

01 President Rev. Robert Mitchell 

02 chancellor... Rev. Malcolm Carron 

03 Executive Vice President Vacant 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Rev. Norman G. McKendrick 

30 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Mrs. Eleanor I.uedtke 

10 Assoc Vice Pres for Finance Mr. Robert D. Eerugi 

45 Vice President fer Operations Mr. Warren Cerrone 

32 Dean of Student Life Mr. Walter It. Redmond 

06 peg is tr ar .. « • Me* Joseph A. uerkowski 

07 Director of Admissions Mr, James Masuga 

08 Director of Libraries. Mr. Gary N- Denue 

09 Manager Instructional Research Dr. Haney S. Freeman 

27 Director of Public Relations Ms. Virginia Gardner 

36 Dir Coordination and Placement Mr. Don C. Hunt 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Paul J. Casey 

71 Director of the Summer Session Mr. James P. Glispin 

58 Dean of Graduate School Vacant 

49 Dean College of Liberal Arts..... Rev. Gerald Albright 

61 Dean School of Law Mr. Carl Selinger 

54 Dean Col Engineering G Science Dr. James A. Kent 

48 Dean School of Architecture He. Bruno Leon 

50 Dean Col Business Admin Dc * Sam Darone 

52 Dean School of Dentistry Dr. James Smudski 

53 Dean Sch Ed-Human Services.. Er. Arlene T. Novak 


UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN 
♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Ann Arbor 48109 Congressional District: 2 

County: Washtenaw FICE Identification: 002325 

Telephone (313) 764-1817 Entity Number: 1-38-600-6309-A1 

01 president.............. Dr. Harold T. Shapiro 

05 Yice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Billy B. Frye 

10 Vice Pres-Chief Finan Officer Mr. James F. Brinkerhoff 

45 Vice President State Relations Nr. Richard L. Kennedy 

25 Vice Pres fer Research Dr. Charles G. Overberger 

30 Vice Pres Uni? Rel-Develop Mr. Michael Radock 

32 Vice Pres for Student Services... Mr. Henry Johnson 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MICHIG AN- DEARBORN 

4901 Evergreen Road, Dearborn 48128 

Congressional District: 16 
conniv wavne FICE Identification: 002326 

Telephone (313) 593-5000 Entity Number: 1-30- 600-6 309-B2 

Established 1959 Coftd 

^Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (ln-Stat.o) : $1,008 

Control: state Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Profess ional 
Accreditation: till, EHG 

02 Chancellor Dr * A> 

05 Vice Chancellor-Academic Dr. Eugene Arden 

10 Vice Chancellor-Business.. Dr. Sal D. Rinella 

32 Dean of student Affairs... Mr. Joe Wright 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. J. Thomas Pclemer 

26 Director University Relations Mr. Richard Reynolds 

04 Assistant to the Chancellor Mr. Burton A. Harrison 

30 Academic Development officer Dr. Lee Katz 

00 Head Librarian.... * Hr. Edward walL 

09 Dir Institutional Analysis. Dr. Sam E . Hammings Jr. 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Edward Hagale 

06 Registrar - Ms. Linda E. Brown 

14 Director Computing Services Mr, Raymond J. Geitka 

36 Director of Placenent Hr, Robert Vokac 

37 Director of Financial Aid Ms. La Jonace Stone 

38 Director of Counseling... pr, Donald Brown 

50 Dean School Ha nagemen t. Mr. William R. D. Martin 

54 Acting Dean School Engineering Dr. Paul K, Trojan 

49 Dean Col Acts-Sciences-Letters ......... . Dr. David W. Emerson 

53 Asscc Dean Div of Education. Dr. Richard Horshead 

58 Director of Graduate Board Dr. Dennis Fapazian 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HICH1G A N-FII NT 


Flint 48503 Congressional District.! 7 

County: Genesee FTCF. Identification: 002327 

Telephone (313) 762-3000 Entity Humber: 1 - 38- 600-6309-B1 

Established 1956 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,122 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-sta te) s $1, 000 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: NH , TED 

02 Chancellor Dr. Canny E. Nelson 


.JS&& 5t£3 


iimeM 


206 


)5 Actg Prov-Vice Chanc Acad Aff tr. William W. Vasse 

)3 Vice cttanc for Univ services Dr. Marvin J. Roberson 

10 Vice Chanc for Budget G pin-.... . Hr. James I. Burdock 

(5 Asst to Chanc-Caapus Planning Hr. Robert D. Wilson 

*6 Asst to chanc Univ Relations fir. Richard P. HcElroy 

)U Asst to Chanc-Affiro Action.... Hs. Tessie H. Sharp 

12 Dean for Student Services Mr. John H . HcCray 

36 Librarian . Hr. David H. Palaer 

16 Registrar Mr. Mogens F. Jensen 

16 Director student Counseling Hs. Judith H. Smith 

)7 Adaissions Director Hr. Charles E. Rickard 

17 Financial Aid Director Hr. Henry R. wise 

16 Coord car Planning G Placement.. Hs. Georgia 1. Wright 

lu Director Coaputing Services Dr. leo V. Hin 

15 Acting Personnel Director Dr. Cameron B. Courtney 

19 Director Safety and Security Hr. Fredrick G. Boll 

i9 Dean of col Arts and Sciences Dr. Glendon F. Drake 

■ 0 Dean of Sch of Hanageaent.. Dr. Richard W. Portner 

.6 Director nursing Prograa... Hs. Ellen A. Woodman 

• 8 Dir Grad G Special Progra as Dr. Richard J. Heister 

IALSK COLLEGE OF ACCOUNTANCY AMD BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 

3838 Livernois Road, Troy 48084 Congressional District: 18 
County: Oakland FICE Identification: 004071 

Telephone (313) 669-8282 Entity Number: 1-38-130-8480-A1 

Established 1968 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,583 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,312 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Lower Division 
Pcoyraei: Professional 
. Accreditation: NH 

11 President Cr. Jeffery U. Barry 

)3 Director of Administration Mr. David A. Spencer 

>5 Vice President Dean Hr. John J. Blake 

10 Treasurer Hr. H. Jay Meier 

!5 vice Pres-Pott Huron Operation Dr. Hark A. Sokolcff 

18 Chrprsn Lib Resource Center Mrs. Gloria B. Ellis 

>7 Adaissions officer Er. Fatrick D. Barrett 

*6 Dir Recor ds-Finan Aid Officer Hr. William E. Furr 

16 Placement Director Hrs. Joan H. Cunninghaa 

15 Hgr of Administrative Services Hr. Richard E. Dickson 

11 pirector Continuing Education Hr. Mildred G. Grossman 

fASHTEHAW COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

4800 E Huron River Drive, Ann Arbor 48106 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Washtenaw FICE Identification: 002328 

Telephone (313) 973-33C0 Entity Nuaber: 1-38-178-4300-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,622 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $480 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prograa: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DA, RAD, RSTH 

1 Dr * Gunder A- Myran 

2 Actg Dean Student Services Dr. Calvin E. Williams 

0 Assistant to the President Hr. David s. Poliolk 

° SSt? ® usiness Operations Hr. John D. Hurd 

1 vSi'ftMii;;:::::::::::::::::;;:::;;;;-;;. 

5 Dean of Instruction Hr. Norman Lederer 

WAYNE COUNTY COHHUNITY COLLEGE 


02 Director Downtown Region Dr. Julius Drown 

02 Director Downriver Region Hr. John Szwoc 

02 Director Eastern Region Dr. Arthur M . Carter 

02 Director Western Region Dr. Willie J. Kinnons 


4612 Woodward Avenue, Detroit 48201 

Countv «a vna Congressional District: 13 

H;£I 5 !?u— 

Enrollment: 20,101 Coed 

Control: State/L^r 9 ^ 1131 * Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $507 
Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 y Qai:s cimester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADVET, IDA, HRT 

I President.... _ . 

3 Executive Vice President !.'**’’.*.***.*,*. D r Hostafa J 11 *?? 

* Vice Pres student Services D r Thelma J 

» Vice President Instruction Dr WilliJm c 

> Vice President Finance ] nr = V3S 

1 Asst to the President-Caty Rel. ... . • ..** ’ ’ * -1 5?"“ 

• Ada is Dir stdnt Ser? Systems, Mr* rfr Sa,vda Stephen 

Learning Resources Director. * Hr^ThJma * 

Dir pecs and tabor Relations . "nr* 'Edward ? 

Director student Services......... rLf’ * all ? 9han 

Director Information Services „* Mark HcPh«r= iS 

Director north...*™ Dr. Sirb.nk" 


WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY 

Detroit 48202 Congressional District: 13 

County: Wayne FICE Identification: 002329 

Telephone (313) 577-224 1 Entity Number: 1- 36-602- 84 2 9- A 1 

Established 1868 Coed 

Enrollment: 33,408 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $1,399 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Prograo: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ANEST, AUD, EBT, DUS, CLPSY, CYTO, SDIET, 
ENG, FUSER, LAW, LIB, MED, HUS, NUR, OT , PIIAR, PTA, RTT , 

SP, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. Thomas N. Bonner 

05 Vice President and Provost.. Dr. Guy Stern 

10 Sr Vice Pres Admin and Finance Mr. Charles F. Sturtz 

26 vice Pres Community Relations. Dr. Arthur I,. Johnson 

15 Vice President Human Resources Hr. Ross E. Taylor 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Dr. William II. Markus 

04 Spec Asst to the President Hs, Patti Knox 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Vern H. Pings 

06 Dir Admis and Registrar Dr. J. Richard Tharderson 

14 Director Computer Canter Dr. Franklin II. Westervelt 

30 Sr Vice Pres External Affairs Dr. Michael F. Luck 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Er. Paul E. Andrews 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Mr. George E. Emery 

25 Dir Res Sponsor Programs Mr. Daniel j. Graf 

09 Dir Institutional Research Dr. Harmon C. McAllister Jr. 

27 Director Public Relations vacant 

36 Director Placement Services..... Mr. John A. Crusoe 

38 Dir Univ Counseling Services....... Dr. John E. Ilechlik 

07 Dean Admis Rees and Pinan Aid..... Dr. Jimmy Duplass 

56 Dean of Lifelong Learning Dr. Robert E. Hubbard 

49 Dean College of Literal Arts Dr. Martin Stearns 

61 Dean of the Law School Mr. John C. Roberts 

63 Actg Dean School of Medicine Dr. Lawrence N. Weiner 

66 Dean of College of Nursing Ms. Lorene R. Fischer 

54 Dean College Engineering Dr. Stanley K. Stynas 

50 Dean Bus Administration Dr. John G. Maurer III 

70 Dean of Social Work Dr. Sidney Dlllick 

67 Dean Phar-Allied Hit h Profess Br. Ebethard F. Mammon 

53 Dean of College of Education Dr. J. E. Simpkins 

68 Dir Hlth and Phy Education Dr. Chaloer G. Hixson 


WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY 

Kalamazoo 49008 Congressional District: 3 

County: Kalamazoo FICE Identification: 002330 

Telephone (616) 383-1600 Entity Number: 1-38-600-7327- A 1 

Established 1903 Coed 

Enrollment: 22,642 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $1,052 
Control: State Trimester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, .APCP, ART, AUD, BUS, ENG, LID, MUS, OT, 

SP, SW, TED 

ou A««* i tn 1l Ui*i***J'l*'I****’ Dr * John T * Bernhard 

04 Asst to the President Hc< Martin R Gaole 

30 Secretary Board of Trustees Dr. Robert W. Ethridge 

03 Vice Pres Government Relations Dr. Robert V Hannah 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Elwood B JKlo 

32 Vice Preset ent st°a ^ nance : « r - Robert B. Wetnight 

32 Vice Pres for student Services Mr. Thomas E. Covne 

29 Asst C Vice°Pres m Al Sl0 | S n"’^ Hr ’ Duncan Clarkson 

29 Asst Vice Pres Alumni Develop Hr, Russell r nahinr 

37 Director of Financial Aid.... or. Ediard w HaJkeSder 

09 Dir of institutional Research . Sr. * dSck £sh!r 

08 Director of Libraries Hr. Ca£l ii' SaShtleSen 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Stanley^ T Kellev 

36 Director of Placement..... !. ?heste£ c lllcSl 

06 Se5iItca? 1VeC5itY InforBatio " «r. Hichael J. Hatthels 

58 Dean Grad' Col’chUf ‘n^ 'of f ” 1 1.’.' ! I ’ Dr*. * L^Uf 9 A J^roizKr 

51 Dean cf Continuing Education Dr. Richard T Burke 

72 Dean of Applied Sciences Dr W. Chester Sch 

50 sr 3 sciancas >. VS“« E cii;js 

53 Dean of Education*.' .*.’ X * Dr* Jcht^E 1 Sandhero 

5 54 7 Dean ol ! I *. ! ] * 

69 Dean Health and Human Services.....;... D r. william A. BuSiaS 



207 


“I KNESOT A 


WESTERN Til F.O LOGICAL SEMIN AFY 

01, Knot 12th Street, Holland 09423 Congressional District- 9 
County: Ottawa PICE Identification: 002331 

Telephone (0 16) 392-6555 Entity NuEber: 1-38-200-9200 -A1 

Beta bl.uihod 11)66 Coed 

, Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: SO 

Affiliation: Reformed Church in America Quarter 

Highest Offering: floctoratej No Undergraduates 

I'rog ram: Professional 
Accreditation: THEOL 

01 Proiiidont Dr. I# j ohn Hesselink Jr. 

0.» Academic Doan Dr. Eugene P. Heideman 

10 Office Hnnngur Hc . wil i at(1 A . Riflk 

011 Librae inn Rev. Norman J. Kansfield 

36 Dir of Placement Services Cc. Garret A. Wiiterdink 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

3900 Bethel Drive, Saint Paul 5:112 
„ Congressional D 

County: Raosey FICE Identif icat i 

Telephone (612) 638-6400 Entity lluob^r- 1-41-0 

01 President i... Dr. Carl ii. 

26 Vice Pres of Public Affairs... j Ja c. 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs Eurton 

05 Vice Fres and Dean of College nr. George K. 

30 President of Bethel Foundation....... Rev. Harvey :l 

45 Director or Planning.... n r ’ Davi) 

73 Vice Pres and Dean of Seminary Dr. GorJor, 


♦BETHEL COLLEGE 


; 002338 
• S 5 7 7 - A 1 
and'ju ist 
A. Bragg 
Vc-ssaa n 
roshaber 
:e Vries 
Lissner 
Johnson 


WEST SHORE COH Mil NITY COLLEGE 

3000 North Stiles, Scottville 49454 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Mueon Pics Identification: 007950 

Tolo phono (616) 045-6211 Entity Humber: 1-38-1 85-2447-A1 

Hr, tn h 1 i s hod 19 67 Coed 

Enroll mo nt: 92 7 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(l n-State) : $568 
Control: Local Quarter 

High oat Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 Pronidont Dr. John H. Eaton 

06 Dir Inotnl Roe C Stdnt Records Vacant 

32 Doan of Student Porsonnel Dr. Samuel Mazman 

10 Comptroller Nr. Robert Arnold 

05 Dean of Inutr uct ion-Academic Hr. Robert Harrison 

75 Dean Instr uction-Occupa tional. . « Hr. Terry Luxford 


3900 Bethel Drive, Saint Paul 55112 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Ramsey FICE Identification: 009050 

Telephone (612) 638-6400 Entity Hunter: 1-u 1 -Q70-6577-A 1 

Established 1871 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,970 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,400 

Affiliation: Baptist u-i-u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President Dr. Carl H. Lundquist 

08 College Librarian Robert Suderoan 

06 Registrar Chester Duck 

32 Dean of Students Dr. NacF Nettlaton 

34 Dean of Women Marilyn N. Starr 

07 Director of Admissions Philip Kimball 

33 Dean of Hen... Charles Retts 

36 Dir Car Counsel and Placement Paul Redin 

37 Financial Aids Officer Sharon Worthington 

10 Vice Pres of Business Affairs Burton wessoan 

29 Director Alumni Affairs Curtis Fauth 


JJSHHE30TA 


M!G!>1)URG COLLEGE 

731 21nt Avonuo South, Minneapolis 55454 

Congressional District: 5 
County; Hennepin ?1C2 Identification: 002334 

TQlo phono (612) 330-1 000 Entity Number: 1- Ml -069-472 1 - M 

Beta hi in hod 1069 Coed 

Enrollment; 1,570 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,660 

Affiliation: American Lutheran 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts nnd General 
Accreditation! NH, SW, TED 

01 President Dr. Charles S. Anderson 

05 Vice Pros Acad Dr. Richard Green 

10 Vice Prou Finance-Management Mr. Wayne D. Pederson 

30 Vice President fer Development Mr. Gerald BJelde 

06 Registrar Mr. Jack Hill 

07 Director of Admissions Ms. Kathryn Lange 

OB Librarian - « rs - Margaret Anderson 

32 Vico Pros Student Affairs Mrs. Marianne Sander 

25 Dir Comm Res-Resource Center Dr. R cbe r t H . c i 

29 Dir Constituency Relations Mrs. ^nice Rykken 

30 Associato Dean of Students • Dr. Richard Thoni 

36 Dir Stdnt Place-Career Plan Ms. P^ricia °ls--on 

37 Asst Vice Pres Enrollment Mr. Herald Johnson 

BETHANY LUTHERAN COILEGE 

56001 

Telephone (507) 625-2977 Entity Number: 1-41 074 7165^1 

EnSuioi’t? 31 0 1 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees = Jj^300 

Affiliation: Evangelical Lutheran church semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 ^ara 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH Mr> NorDian s . n 0 ite 

01 President * Hr , paul iielland 

05 Doan of Instruction Harvin G. Meyer 

32 Dean of Students „ Butterfield 

07 Director of Admissions...... Mr. Michael ijin!! Johnson 

06 Regstr-Financial Aids Director......... Sennis 0. S^tvig 

10 Business Manager * Hcs< Hary Bira i n gham 

08 Librarian....* 


BETHEL COLLEGE AND SEMINARY 


♦BETHEL THEOLOGICAL SEHINAFY 

3949 Bethel Drive, Saint Paul 55112 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Ramsey ?IC* Identification: 009059 

Telephone (612) 641-6180 Entity Number: 1-41-070-B577-A 1 

Established 1071 Coed 

Enrollment: 449 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Baptist Quarter 

Highest Offering: Dectorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, THEOl 

02 Vice Pres and Dean of Seminary Dr. Gordon G. Johnson 

08 seminary Librarian Dr. Norris A. Magnuson 

06 Seminary Registrar Ms. Edna L. Schultz 

32 Seminary Dean of Students Dt. Richard S. Daniels 

36 See Director of Placement Pev. Leland V. Fliason 

07 Director of Admissions Rev. Morris E. Anderson 

73 Assoc Dean of Administration Rev. Robert A. Featherstone 

00 Associate Dea n-Bethel-West Dr. Clifford V. Ar.derson 


BROWN INSTITUTE 

3123 East Lake Street, Minneapolis 55406 , 

Congressional District: 3 

county: Hennepin .FICE Identification: 029196 

Telephone (612) 721-2481 Entity Nuiber: 1-95-229 5294^3 

Enrollment: Undergraduate Tuition and 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quart -r 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s. 2 l.ir 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NATTS William Johnson 

01 Assistant Director ^ Richard Lingovski 

06 Registrar. ns. Nancy Harrison 

10 Chief Business officer..... 1 


CARLETCN COLLEGE 

Morthfield 55057 nSISSSfSitiUf'tSj.i 

SSSS.S'pmi e 63 -..oo mity «— « «-«'•« 

Kfiltfw? ?“?■ «iti« •»* 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 

Accreditation: NH, ART, TED Kl;> Robert H. Fdwards 

01 President peter V. Stanley 

05 Dean of the College. ' Frank I. Wright 

10 Vice President and Treasurer .......... > Charles B. Paaberg 

30 Vice President for Development........ «. Charles 



fJI HHSSQTA 

32 Dean o£ Students..... .. Dr. David Appleyard 

07 Dean of Admissions Dr. Richard E. Steele 

08 Librarian Mr . 5 . John 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs.. Dr. ilena T. Whittemore 

09 Regstr-Coord Instnl Research Dr. David L. Brodigan 

36 Assoc Director Career Center Ms. Marilyn Hill 

1h Director Computing Activities Hr. Carl F. Henry 

27 Director of Hews Bureau Ms. Ruth Stevens 

37 Director of Finatcial Aid Mr. Leonard H. wenc 

15 Director of Personnel Mr. Yale pfoutz 

26 Director of college Relations Mr. George c. Dehne 

h5 Dean Acad Develop-Planning Dr. Daniel Sullivan 

COLLEGE OP SAINT BENEDICT 

Saiut Joseph 56374 Congressional District: 6 

County: Stearns FICE Identification: 002341 

Telephone (612) 363-5304 Entity Number: 1 -4 1-0 96-9244 -A 1 

Established 1913 Coordinate 

Enrollment: 2 r Q19 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,350 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4-1-u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, NUR, TED 

01 President Sr, Eaoanuel Renner 

45 Dir of Plan-Prog Development..., Sr. Colmar O'Connell 

26 Dir of Pub Rel- Admissions Hr. Michael Ryan 

32 Vice Pres Student Development Ms. Miriam iloff 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Sr. Linda Kulzer 

10 Financial Officer Mr. Michael Fritz 

30 Vice President fcr Development Mr. Robert Baker 

25 Director Foundation Relations Sr. Kristin Malloy 

13 Dir of Inst Research Mis Hr. Richard I. Smith 

36 Director of Placement..... .. . . . Mr. Steven Roller 

38 Director of Student Counseling Mr. Richard schroeder 

06 Registrar Hr. William Vancleve 

08 Director of t he., library Hr. Michael Kathman 

39 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Richard Battig 

15 Personnel Coordinator Mr. Jon Tufte 

29 Alumnae-Par ent Relations Mrs. Paula Roesler 

27 Director of Public Information Ms. Sylvia Lang 

51 Director Continuing Education Ms. Susan Lindoo 

COLLEGE OP SAINT CATHERINE 

2004 Randolph Avenue, Saint Paul 55105 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Ramsey FICE Identification: 002342 

Telephone (6 12) 650-6000 Entity Number: 1-41-069-5509- A1 

Established 1905 Roman 

Enrollment: 2,286 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,260 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, MUS, NUR, 01, sw, ted 

01 President Sr. Catherine McNamee 

0U Asst to the Pres Chief of Plan# •••;»•«« . Ms. Gretchen Kreut^r 

05 Academic Dean.. sr. Snita Panpuscb 

Students --- Miss Rosemary Hart 

10 Chief Business Officer Hr. Albert Vonhof 

30 Director of Development Hr. c. E. Dougherty 

06 Registrar.. Mrs. Pamola Karsh-Hilliams 

nZ J > f^ ect ? r of Admissions Hrs. Lorraine Jensen 

H- bra f ian " Sr. Elizabeth Delmore 

29 Director Alumnae Relations Mrs. Ruth C. Brombach 

26 chief Public Relations Officer Ms. sunny E. Hicka 

27 Director information Office Ms. Carol Rolloff 

j7 Financial Aid Officer Sr , Anne 2. Tschida 

9 Personnel Services Ms. Autumn Rurik 

Director of Placement Services Sr Mary Hicks 

51 Director Continuing Education S r. Therese Sherlock 

CCLLEGE OF SAINT SCEOLASTICA 

12-00 Kenwood Avenue, Duluth 5581 1 Congressional District: 8 
county: Saint Louis FICE Identification: 002343 

Telephone (210) 723-6000 Entity Number: 1-41-069-8301-A1 

Established 1912 Co " d 

Enrollment: 1,159 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,219 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's wuarter 

Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH , MRA, Ml, nur, pta, sw 

5 - «’• 

\ Dea n Of StlldentSm** Hr William Miller 

10 Vice President fcr Development Hr. Stephen Yorde 

.4 Assistant tc the President Sc . Market J? Lau5hUn 


208 


06 Registrar Sr. Mary Daniel O'Neill 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. James Buxton 

08 Librarian Mrs. Mary Jane Kumsha 

36 Director of Placement Miss Sandy Fogo 

26 Chief Public Relations officer Hiss Patricia Daugherty 

COLLEGE OF SAINT TERESA 

Winona 55987 congressional District: 1 

County: Winona FICE Identification: 002344 

Telephone (507) 454-2930 Entity Number: 1 -41 -069-5526- A1 

Established 1907 Women 

Enrollment: 732 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,489 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, #MUS, NUR, SH, TED 
01 President. Mr. Thomas J. Hamilton 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Mr. Richard Weiland 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs Ms. Martha Smith 

10 Vice Pies Financial Affairs Mr. David Jilk 

06 Dean Adnissions and Registrar Sr. Katarina Schuth 

08 Librarian Sr. Avila Schurb 

36 Director of Placement Ms. Kathleen Sasse 

14 Director of Computer Center Ms. Teresa Speck 

COLLEGE OF SAINT THOMAS 

2115 Summit Avenue, Saint Paul 55105 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Ramsey PICE Identification: 002245 

Telephone (612) 647-5000 Entity Number: 1-4 1- 069-3 970- A1 

Established 1085 Coed 

Enrollment: 4,784 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,143 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Beyond Haster's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Nil, SH, TID 

01 President Msgr. Terrence J. Murphy 

05 Prov-Acadetnic Vice President Dr. Charles J. Keffer 

38 Director-Student Counseling Msgr. James M. Lavin 

08 Director of the Library Dr. Karl L. Ozolins 

06 Registrar.. Mrs. Evelyn obat 

03 Vice President Administration Mr. Donald J. Leyden 

10 Business Manager Mr. Khel 0. Macken 

32 Dean of students Hr. william H. Malevich 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles E. Murphy 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Stephen J. Fritz 

36 Director of student Placement Mr. Mark P. Vanbeusekom 

26 Director of Public Affairs Mr. Donald w. Conway 

27 Director of the News Dureau Mr. James Winterer 

14 Director of Computing Center Msgr. Robert L. Probst 

30 Vice President for Development Mr. James A. Keenan Jr. 

29 Directoc of Alumni Mr. Dennis Swan 

58 Dean of Grad Prog- Management Ur. Eugene P. Kotz 

53 Dean of Grad Proy-Education Dr. William E, Salesses 

55 Dean of Hew College Dr. James A. Byrne 

CONCORDIA COLLEGE AT MOORHEAD 

Moorhead 56560 Congressional District: 7 

County: Clay PICE Identification: 002346 

Telephone (218) 299-4321 Entity Number: 1 -41-069-3977-A1 

Established 1891 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,625 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,635 

Affiliation: American Lutheran Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, MUS, TED 

01 President Dr . Paul J. Dovre 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. David «. Gring 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Donald E. Helland 

30 Vice President for Development Dr. Loren J. Anderson 

26 Chief Public Relations officer. Mr. David M. Denson 

07 Dean of Admissions . Mr. James L. Hausmann 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Morris L. Lanning 

06 Registrar......... Nr. Donald E. Dale 

37 Director Financial Aid Mr. Dale E. Thornton 

08 Librarian..... Dr. Verlyn D. Anderson 

36 Director of Placement Mr. Philip R. Hanson 

15 Director Personnel Service Ms. Jane Shambaugh 

29 Director Alumni Relations Ms. Carla Nelson 

14 Director Computer Center Mr. Steven Frank 

71 Director of Summer Sessions....... Dr. Olin J. storvick 

CONCORDIA COLLEGE-SAINT PAUL 

Haoiline and Marshall Ave, Saint Paul 55104 

Congressional District: 4 



SEI^lFL 61 "- 8278 -tiJfmirt'aiau.suj*; 

66 \, Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $ 2 C ° 3 Zt 

Affiliation: Lutheran Cliurch-Hissouri Synod 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate u rcer 

Prog cam: Liberal Acts and General j Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, TED 1 

0 1 Fcooidant nr r ul ,, „ 

03 dean of Faculty Jivii l sclVitt 

32 Dean of students I.. Rev. teStei 2 VSi 

26 Director college Delations Rev. Robert A. Breatr 

10 lluoiness Manager hc. Earl p> 0E0 

05 Dlroctoc of Instruction Dr. Paul o. Marschke 

00 Hegatr-Coord Instnl Studies Hr. carroll e. Peter 

0V Director of Admissions Hrs. Myrtle Shira 

20 Coord Aiuani Affairs Hrs. Gretchen F. Beecroft 

00 Librarian tr. Glenn w. Offersann 

33 Doan of Men Rev. Herbert w. Treichel 

34 Dean of Homan Hrs. corrine Schauer 

30 Coordinator of Counseling Hr. Richard L. Arnold 

37 Financial Aids officer Hr. Michael D. Flynn 

53 Coord of Ed-Director Placement Dr. Luther H. Mueller 


GUSTAVOS ADOLPHUS COLLEGE 

Saint Peter 56082 CQ .,^ p , rir ., r . . „ 

County: Nicollet lie'' ; 2 

Telephone (507) 931-8000 Entity iiuicer: 

Established 1862 ' r A ’ 

Enrolleent: 2,276 Undergraduate Tuition ar.i Ft-ps: Su ~3oo 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church in America u- j u 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, HUS, NUfi, TED 

01 Interim President or. Abner v. Arthur 

05 Vice Pres and Dean of College Dr. Robert E. ra- s t°n 

03 Vice President for Operations Hr. Foss F. noonguist 

10 Chief Plan 6 Business Officer Dr. Hichael L. Britton 

30 Vice President Development Hr. Robert A. Pe-ecson 

29 Vice President Alumni Affairs Hr. Cecil Eckhoff 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. oven E. Saao^lson 

08 Librarian Hr. Howard l. cohrt 

37 Dean of Students Hr. Bruce k. Gray 

36 Director of Placement Hr. J. Donald Slarks 

14 Director Computer Center Dr. Peter B, Norland 

06 Registrar Hr. David i. Vicklund 


CROSIER SEMINARY 

Qiiamia 56359 Congressional District: 6 

County: rtilie Lacs PICE Identification: 002349 

To lo phone (612) 532-3103 Entity Number: 1-41-070-5826-A1 

Established 1922 Hen 

Enrollment: 30 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,480 

Affiliation: nonan Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Ycar Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 Chancellor Rev. James G. Hoeglein 

03 Rector... Rev. Thomas E. O'Brien 

33 Doan..... Pev. John J. Neville 

05 Academic Dean Rev. Hichael T. Cotone 

06 Registrar and Admis Officer Rev. Kenneth M. Opat 

10 llusinoss Manager Rev. James P. Herrmann 

37 Financial Aid officor Bro. Jeffrey J. Breer 

00 Librarian... Bro. Richard H. McGrath 

30 Director of Counseling . Rev. Gene D. Plaisted 

29 Alumni Socretary Bro. Roman L. Fleischhacker 

DR. HA AT IN LUTHER COLLEGE 

Collage Heights, New Ulm 56073 Congressional District: 2 

County: Drown FlCE Identification: 002361 

Tola phono (507) 354-8221 Entity Number: 1-41-069-5520-A1 

Established 1004 Coed 

Enrollment: 035 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,150 

Affiliation: Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod Semester 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
PC eg ran: Teacher Preparatory 

Accreditation: Nil J „ u . 

01 Preside Rev. L1 °y d Huebnec 

05 Vico Pros for Academic Affairs Hr. * rtb “ r J ‘ 

50 SrlSito »• ««*« 

32 Doan of Students Rev * 

37 Financial Aids officer Mr- J; 

26 It ecru It -Pub Relations Officer Rev. 

09 Dir institutional Research •• c £- ®J* n R R H eckaann 

56 Spocial Services Director Hr. George H. Hecknann 

GOLDEN VALLEY LU THEBAN COLLEGE 

6125 Olson Highway, Minneapolis „ i0Bll District: 3 

county; Hennepin FICE Identification: 007123 

Tele phono (6 12) 542- 1216 Entity Number: 1-23 701 3585^ 

E iSuEStJ 586 7 undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *3,130 

Control: independent Nonprofit 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor , 

Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation; Nil Dr Bernt c. Opsal 

01 President l‘‘' Philip Worthington 

05 Academic Dean Dr . Bernt c. Opsal 

10 Business Manager..... nr ilohn v , Gronli 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Vacant 

30 Director of Development.. ‘ Mr! " Richard Serena 

08 Librarian * * „rs. Marilyn Adams 

06 Registrar *' H r. Mahlon Pitney 

38 Director Student Counseling ’ rs PaB0 ia K. Hoksnes 

07 Director Of Admissions. i iRS Martha Halsten 

04 Ada in v Assistant to President. MES . Lo i S strand 

37 Director Student Financial Aid ."***'J' Alton Halverson 

51 Director Continuing Education 


HAMLINE UNIVERSITY 

Snelling e Hewitt Avenues, saint Paul 55104 

Congressional District: u 
County: Ramsey FICS Identification: 002354 

Telephone (612) 641-2000 Entity Nuaber: 1 -4 1 - 069-3960 - A 1 

Established 1854 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,657 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,150 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-u 

Highest Offering: First Professional 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory: 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ILA8, HUS, TED 
01 President Dr. Edgar M. Carlson 

05 Dean college of Liberal Arts Dr. Kenneth L. Jan2en 

30 Vice President for Development Dr. Thoaas Buddy 

26 Vice pres Public Relations ns. Carol Kerner 

10 Vice President for Finance Hr. John Brueomec 

09 Associate Dean Dr. Jack K. Johnson 

06 Associate Dean for Records Dr. Stewart A. Shaw 

32 Dean of Students Dr. John Vinton 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Daniel J. Murray 

03 Dir Administrative Services Mr. Joseph Burgoyne 

29 Dir Alumni- Parents-Caty Eel Ms. Lonnie Tuttle 

37 Financial Aid Officer Mr. Bichard H. Leighninger 

04 Assistant to the President Mr. Randy tovey 

26 Director of Publications Ms. Carol A. Lindahl 

27 Coord of Public Information Mr, Eob ErgLund 

08 Librarian »*• B - Kin ? 

36 Director of Placement Ms. Jane Parish 

75 Director Career Studies Ms. Anna Vasescha 

61 Dean of the School of Law Ct. Richard C. Allen 


LUTHER THEOLOGICAL SEMINAPI 

2375 Como Avenue, Saint Paul 55108 Congressional District: « 
Countv * Ransev FICE Identification: 002357 

Telephone (612) 641-3456 Entity Number: 1-« 1-C64-0841-A1 

Enrollment^ 62() 9 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 10 

Affiliation: American Lutheran 
Highest Offering: Doctorate; No undergraduates 
Progran: Professional 

Accreditation: NH, THE0L . , c„prdsbve 

10 Business Manager. XrTid 2 . Bidne 

30 Director of Development *”ol 5. Baker 

06 Registrar Boria n Vente 

08 Librarian...... " D r. Jack W. Kelly 

32 Dean of Students n P » weal “ngbloo® 

45 Adminv Assistant to President £ m!b«t P Roth 

58 Director of Graduate Studies Dr. FODer 

MACALESTER COLLEGE 

SSS^Wll M7-.M7 «i" »«;a 

SSSSE ?"« 101 re * s: *w. 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. 

Accreditation: NB, MDS, TED ^ Dc> E , Davis Jr. 

01 President Jacfc Ei possnann 

05 Vice Pres Academic Af fairs. ^ s> lun dblad 

32 Dean of students.... 



flUUUSSUA 


210 


37 

10 

30 

06 

08 

36 

07 

15 


Die Student Financial Aid.... 

Vice Pres Financial Affairs.. 
Vice Pres Develop-Aluoni Aff. 
Regstr-Dir Stdnt AcaS Records 
Director of the library...... 

Dir Car Planning-Placement... 

Director of Admissions 

Dir Pors-Adnin Services 


Ms. Ruthena S. Fink 

.... Hr. Paul J. Aslanian 
Hr. Alexander G. Hill 

Hr. Daniel J. Balik 

... Hs. Jean K. Archibald 

Hiss Sue Lund 

.... Hr. William H. Sbain 
Hr. Duane R. Elvin 


HAYO MEDICAL SCHOOL 

Rochester 55901 Congressional District: 1 

County: Olmsted FICE Identification: 011732 

Telephone (507) 284-3671 Entity Number: 1-4 1-601-1702- A2 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 165 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: HEE 

01 Dean Dr. John T. Shepherd 

05 Assoc Dean Academic Affairs. Dr. James 8. McPherson 

04 Administrative Assistant Hr. Jack Uhlenbcpp 

10 Administrative A ssocia te Hr. A. Russell Itanson 

06 Registrar Hs. Margaret S. Thompson 

07 Assoc Dean Student Affairs... Dr. Joseph K. Kiely 


MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF H1NNESOTA 


County: Ramsey FICE Identification: 009346 

Telephone (612) 296-3990 Entity Number: 1-4 1-600-7162-D2 

01 Chancellor Dr. Philip C. Uelland 

10 Vice Chanc Adminv Services Hr. Donald J. Wujcik 


* ANOKA-RAHSEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


11200 Mississippi Blvd, Coon Rapids 55433 

Congressional District: 8 
County: Anoka FICE Identification: 002332 

Telephone (612) 427-2600 Entity Number: 1-4 1- 600-7 1 62-CU 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,858 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $070 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUP, EHGT 

02 President Dr. Nell Christenson 

05 Dean of Instruction - Mr. Donald K. Ilarkcom 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Carlyle Davidsen 

30 Associate Dean Instruction.. . Dr. Edwin Streed 

30 Associate Dean of Students Hr. Carl Johnson 

51 Dean Continuing Education Mrs. Ann Sidoti 

08 Director Learning Media Center Vacant 

37 Finan Aids-Placement Officer Hr. Donald L. Johnson 

06 Recorder. Dr. Myron Nelson 

10 Accounting Officer Mrs. Donnie Anderson 


2309 II ichollet t Avenue, Hinneapolis 55404 

congressional District: 5 
County; Hennepin PICE Identification: 007619 

Telephone (612) 871-8481 Entity Number; 1-41 -087-0406-A1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 212 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,075 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offeringjifl But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: MAC, MLTC , NATTS 

01 President .... Hr. James D. Daras 

03 Vice President-Administrator Mrs. Sharon Beckes 

05 Medical Director Dr. Lucille J. Iloilund 

06 Registrar Hs. Donna Passwater 


MINNEAPOLIS COLLEGE CF ART DESIGN 


133 Bast 25th Street, Minneapolis 55404 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Hennepin FICE Identification: 002365 

Telephone (612) 870-3346 Entity Number: 1-M1-069-3915-A1 

Established 1886 Coed 

Enrollment: 652 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Daccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, ART 

01 President... Dt. Jerome J. Ilausman 

05 Dean of Faculty Dr. Edward M. Levine 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Linda Abbott 

10 Administrative Officer Mr. William 0. McCabe 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. J. Thomas Reeve 

37 Director of Financial Aid Linda M. Doethin 

08 Read Librarian Richard Kronstadt 


MINNESOTA EIBLE COLLEGE 

920 Hayowood Road S H, Rochester 55901 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Olasted PICE Identification; 002366 

Telephone (507) 280-4563 Entity Number: 1-41-070-9402-A1 

Established 1913 Coed 

Enrollment: 128 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,425 

Affiliation: Christian Churches - churches of Christ Quarter 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 


Accreditation: BI 

01 President Bcuce E . milec 

05 Academic Dean. Earl E. Grice 

10 Business Manager., j 0 |, n E. Burnett 

26 Pub Rel Dir-Asst to president Howard L. Ganong 

30 Guidance Counselor Hilliard Comeaux 

08 Librarian Ardis sawyer 

07 Admissions Counselor.... sherry L. Erickson 

32 Dean of Students Kenneth II. Larson 


MINNESOTA COMMUNITY COLLEGES 
♦SYSTEM OPFICE 

550 Cedar Street, Saint Paul 55101 Congressional District: 4 


♦AUSTIN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1600 0th Ave N w, Austin 55912 Congressional District: 2 

County: Mower FICE Identification: 002335 

Telephone (507) 437-6691 Entity Number: 1-41-600-71 62-C5 

Established 1940 Coed 

Enrollment: 893 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $608 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 Dut Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditahle 
Accreditation: Nil, ADNUR 

02 President Mr. Arlan A. Durraeister 

05 Dean of Instructional Services Mr. James D. Flannery 

32 Dean of Student Services Dr. Roger H. Boughton 

08 Librarian..... Mrs. Janet Landsverk 

06 Registrar Mrs. Audrey Rolf son 

10 Accounting Officer Mr. Jeffrey Higgins 

37 Financial Aids officer Dr. Roger W. Boughton 


♦BRAINERD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Col Drive 6 S W 4th St, Brainerd 56401 

Congressional District: 7 
county: crow Wing PICE Identification: 002339 

Telephone (218) 028-2525 Entity Humber: 1^41-600-7162-01 

Established 1930 Coed 

Enrollment: 691 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $608 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delow Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 President Dr. Curtis Mutton 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Dale Nathan 

08 Librarian Hr. Harry lloglund 

06 Registrar Mrs. Marilyn stoxen 

10 Accounting Officer Hr. Delano Anderson 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Ann Doering 


♦FERGUS FALLS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1414 College Hay, Fergus Falls 56537 

Congressional District: 7 
county: Otter Tail FICE Idontif ication: 002352 

Telephone (218) 736-7544 Entity Number: 1-4 1-088-9688-A1 

Established 1960 Coed 

Enrollment: 595 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $608 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 


Accreditation: Nil, HT 

02 President....... Mr. Wesley A. Haage 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Clarence J. Heine 

32 Dean of students nr. Harold L. Collins 

08 Librarian.. Mrs. Borothy Kettner 

06 Registrar. . Mrs. Ann Nelson 

10 Accounting officer... Mr. Leroy Guttotmson 

75 Director Occupational Programs Mr. Daniel True 



♦ ♦IIUII) ttJ«i COMMUNITY CULl.HCiB 


*HESABI COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


I'll’, Kti M t 2 !» Ill Jit root, Nibbing 55746 

. Congressional District: 8 

counly: :.nJ i»t: Louju FICE Identification: 002355 

1 o In 1.110110 (2 HI) 262-JO// Entity Nuaber: 1-41-600-7162-A3 

Hut. ft, hi L: i lind 1916 Coed 

Kn to It mo nt ; 63 1 

llndocginiluato Tuition and Foes (In-State, ; $573 
Com. toll Sit ft tn Quartet 

llltpliotit tiffining: 2 Out Lons Thun 4 Yoars 
I’l ix] rn iq; Tm:o.Uml Occupational Unlow Dachelou's; 2-Year 
(* i,l mrlp ally line I10 lor' n Crndltable 
Accvoil it ntions Nil 

02 I'niu Dr. Jennis J. Bapst 

l>fi linn II of I nut ruction Mr. Myron 0. Scheldt 

-32 IMinn ot iitihlontu Mr. Orville A. Olson 

0(i Uncord nr. . Mr. Anthony J. Spensieri 

♦ IMVHIl IIIU.II COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

limi'i col logo Trail, Invar Urovo Heights 55075 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Dakota FICE Identification: 009740 

To,l<H>liono {() 12) <1 55- 9fi 21 Entity Nuaber: 1-41-600-7162-A4 

Bnta bl iuhod 1967 Coed 

Enrol J.K nut 1 3,91)0 

Undo rgroduato Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $608 
Control! Sit a to Quarter 

High out offering: 2 llut Laos Than 4 Yoars 
Prog Eft*: Tocniiml Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-year 
Principally Hacholor'a Creditable 
Acer lid it ntio III Nil, A Dll UK 

a:\ Pro uid 11 id. DC. Wallace A. Slapson 

or. Doan of Inti tr notion Dr. Jerry R. Issacs 

Jit Elonn of SI tudontu. .......... Dr. Willys G. Johnson 

OU Aunoclnto Doan o£ Htudonta Mr. John J. Kaes 

Oil Librarian Mr* Donald L. Langworthy 

Ot, img Hr. Eugene E. Eddy 

10 Accounting Of flour Hr. Larry Margolis 

V. Por uonnol iiurvlcen Amiistant Ms. Delores schaiatxe 

!i 1 Doan ot continuing Education • Dr. Charles Green 

t>0 Director ot Athlotico l1r * Ken " eth ,^5ik^ 

U‘J AwiooUtn Doan ol instruction „ Dc, u Da 

SO A noociatu Dean of Instruction •••' Dr * 

66 Dir odor of Ms- «^ry HcKee-Johnson 


• ITA.'iCA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


Congressional District: 8 
FICE Identification: 002356 
Entity Nuaber: 1-41-6Q0-7162-A5 

Coed 


Itouto . 1 , Grand Enpids 55744 
County: it mica 
Tb 1 « phono (2 ID) 3 26-031 1 
Bfitft hi is hod 1922 

Kmon.onti roe ,i „-».»> ._*«* 

Control: Jit a to v „. „ 

High out. Offering: 2 Out Loss Than 4 tears 
PUXj t'ftia: Toralnal Occupational Below Bachelor s. 

Principally Bachelor* 8 Crodltabla 
Acer oil it at Ion: Nil Philip J. Anderson 

>2 Prooido lit Mc . Backes 

J 2 D«an ot Donn ie Gille 

)» *. Hcs . Edith M. chopp 

36 Hug iutr »r * Mc> Robert Bennett 

10 Accounting Officer . Hr> Leo Keskinen 

36 l)«an of Instruction 


IK EW 00 t) COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


3U01 Century Avonuo, Whito Boar Lake **J!J M8ional District: 4 

FICE Identification: 006774 
county: Kanany Pntitv Nuaber: 1-41-600-7162-F6 

TtilQ phono (612) 770- 1331 7 Coed 

Rota hi is hod 1967 

Kn rollnont: cgEaduata Tuit ion and Fees (In-State, ^^^07 

High oat* Offering : 2 But ^^J h Jeiow bachelor's; 2-Year 
program: Toralnal occupational Below sac 
Principally Bachelor's creditabl 

Acer oditation: Nil ( 

Prosidont •• * *'"***!!.. 

Dean of inatnuc tion ....*• • 

Dean of Conaunity Services***** ^ 

Librarian. *'**J... 

, * 

Accounting Officer. ..... 

Finan Aid-Place oent Director... 

; Doan of students ....... * * ..... 

I Ass oc Dean Cnty ‘ ‘jj’ .. 

, Assoc Dear. Arts and Sciences... 

> Associate Dean Extension. ...••■■ 


9th Avenue G W Chestnut, Virginia 55792 

County: Saint Louis FIcFIdlSti? i«tion 009 

maSrshel 2 !?^ 741 ' 9200 !Btit¥ 

Enrollaent: 791 Coed 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) • $648 

Control: State Quarter 

Mighest Offering: 2 But Less Than u Years 
Program Tersinal Occupational Belov Bachelor’s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

02 President Mr. Gilbert H. staupe 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Richard N. Kohlhase 

32 Dean of Students Mr. John H, Eaton 

08 Librarian fs. Marguerite Haki 

37 Finan Aid and Place Officer Mr. Patrick Johns 

27 Coaaunity Services Director Hr. Archie N. mu 

06 Registrar Mr. Clinton D. Cootabe 

10 Accounting Officer Ms. Jean Klatt 


♦MINNEAPOLIS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1501 Hennepin Avenue, Minneapolis 55403 

Congressional District: 5 
County: HenDepin FICE Identification; 002362 

Telephone (612) 341-7000 Entity Kunber: 1-41-600-7162-D6 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollaent: 2,343 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $638 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But less Than M Teats 
Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor |s Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR 

02 President Or.-- Curtis w. Johnson 

04 Vice Pres-Dean Extnl Affairs.... Be . Earl Bowaan 

05 Dean of Instruction «r. willia* D. Oatey 

32 Dean of Students 

10 Account in g* officer'. 1 *. *. "m^Joseph^ine 

♦NORM ANDALE COMMUNITY C0LIEGE 

9700 France Ave South, Bloo.lngton Dlstcl ct: 3 

Established 1965 

Enrcll.ent: “^^ ndergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-StatenjeOl 

HiohestOffering: 2 But less Than 4 Years 
prograa: Terainal occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, DA, DH, MAC ^ ^ Lorenz 

02 President 

05 Dean of Instruction 

32 Dean of Students. ..... 

37 place and Finan Aids Officer.... 

06 Registrar...... 

10 Accounting Of ficer •■••*!**••** " 

08 Lrng Resrc Center coordinator... 

26 Dir of conunity Relations. 

45 Dean of Institutional Services.. 

30 Director of Developaent 

09 Director of Research 

69 Assoc Dean Health-Recreation... 

50 Associate Dean of Business 

54 Assoc Dean-Nat Sci ana 
49 Assoc Dean of Huaan Services... 


Dr. Ar land «. Otte 
Dr. Walter W. cox 
.... Mr. Gary Ness 
.. Mr. Glenn oster 
Mr. George Nissen 
Hs. Rosalie Bunge 

Vacant 

Daniel G. Barnett 
Dr. Sandra Schley 
Dr. oria Brinkoaier 
Dr. Shirley Asklund 
Cr. Bernard Raphael 
Dr . Donald Rebec tus 
.. Dr. Manley Olson 


♦NORTH BEHNEPIN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 


. . . Dr. Carl Gerber 
. Dr. Harris Hiller 
Dr. Richard Sanders 
.. Hr. Leon P. King 
Mrs. Dorothea Horck 
.. nr. Larry Hiller 
. . Hr. Harvin Cohan 
... .. mc. Toa Horak 
*.*. Hr. Gene Gaffney 
Hs. Monica Hanning 
... he. Gary Langer 


7411 85th Avenue North, Brooklyn Rai * c '^ ssional District: 3 

ssstrwr— . -a3«s«a«u«£S 

Established 1966 _ jeny 

Enrollaent: '’* <,7 ° 0ndai:graduate Tuition and Tees(In-Stat 

Control: State s Jhan u y GBr s 2-Year 

^■ISsss 1 s&as E ' ck ‘ 10t ;■ 

'jssssti .»> -112 

32 Dean of students. ••*•• * 



HI «» £S £12- 


212 


00 Librarian.......... 

06 Registrar... 

10 Accounting Officer.... 

09 Coord Institutional Research.. 
36 Dir Financial Aids 5 Placement 
62 Assoc Dean of Support Services 
i)9 Assoc Dean liberal Education... 
75 Assoc Dean of Career Programs. 

66 Director of Nursing... 

51 Dean of Community Services.... 


. Hr. Lawrence cullen 
...... Mr. Ton Wavrin 

... Hr. Pick Ellefson 

Dr. Jan is Heiss 

Hr. Dennis Stukenborg 
.. Dr. James Schurter 
. . . . Dr. Carl W ienann 
. . . Mr. John Hinsverk 
.. Ms. Hiriaa ilazzard 
. . Mr. Donald McGuire 


Accreditation: NH 
02 President 

05 Dean of Instruction 
32 Dean of Students... 

06 Recorder 

10 Accounting Officer.. 
08 librarian 


. . . . Dr . Ralph Doty 
. . . . Mr. Ray Kenney 
. .. . Mr. Jon Harris 
.... Mr. Tom Havrin 
Mr. William D, Maki 
Mrs. Susan D. Halls 


♦WILLHAR COHHUNITY COLLEGE 


♦ NORTH LA HD COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Highway 1 East, Thief River Falls 56701 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Pennington FICE Identification: 002385 

Telephone (2 18) 661-2101 Entity Number: 1-41-600-7162-D9 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 552 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : 3650 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

02 President Dr. T. A. Easton 

32 Dean Stdnts-Finan Aids Officer Mr. Kenneth Hiebolt 

05 Dean Instr-Cmty Serv Officer Mr. Willard Kottke 

05 Librarian Mrs. Judy Rosetta 

06 Regstr- Admissions Officer Mr. Dennis Eendickson 

10 Accounting Officer Mr. Jerry Winans 

30 Counselor Hr. Sverre Solheim 

66 Director of Nursing Mrs. Prances Hclachlan 

♦RAINY RIVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

International Falls 56649 Congressional District: 0 

County: Koochiching FICE Identification: 006775 

Telephone (218) 263-8491 Entity Humber: 1-41 -600-7162-El 

Established 1967 Coed 

Enrollment: 426 

undergraduate Tuition and Feea<l n-State) : 3648 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Carl C. Andersen 

02 Dean of Instruction Hr. Ralph V. Anderson 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Raymond D. Derg 

10 Business Manager Mr. larry Van SchoiacX 

06 Registrar Vacant 

08 Librarian Vacant 

56 Dir Services to Indian People Vacant 

♦ROCHESTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Highway 14 East, Rochester 55901 Congressional District: 1 
County: Olmsted FICE identification: 002373 

Telephone (507) 265-7210 Entity Number: 1-41-600-71 62-F7 

Established 1915 CoG( j 

Enrollment: 2,911 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $600 

Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, AENUR, ENGT , RSIH 
02 President........ Mr . Charles l. Hill 

05 Dean of Instruction... Dr. Verlyn w. lleldt 

H “fan of Students Hr. Richard H. Clugston 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. James A. Nignes 

08 Librarian.. « Mr. Allen I, Dollerschell 

37 Director Financial Aids Mr. Cordon J. Trlsko 

06 Registrar............ Hr. Frederick Trumcer 

10 Accounting officer Mr. Gary Swenson 

36 Placement Officer H s. Martha Webster 

51 Dir Cmty Serv and Cont Ed..; Mr. Coctlandt il. Frye Sr. 


♦VESMILICN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1900 East Camp, Ely 55731 
County: Saint Louis 
Telephone (218) 365-3256 
Established 1922 
Enrollment: 440 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-state) : $648 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lass Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor' s Creditable 


Congressional District: 8 
FICE Identification: 002350 
Entity Number: 1-41-600-7162-C9 

Coed 


Willmar 56201 Congressional District: 6 

County: Kandiyohi FICE Identification: 002392 

Telephone (6 12) 235-2131 Entity Humber: 1 -41 - 600- 7 162-C0 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollment: 048 


Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $608 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

02 President Dr. John W. Torgelson 

05 Dean of Instruction Mr. Harold G. Conradi 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Eugene J. Phillippe 

OB Librarian.. Miss Marietta S. Johnsen 

06 Registrar Mrs. Sharlotte Williams 

10 Accounting Officer Mr. Terrance Swenson 


♦WORTHINGTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1450 Collegeway, Northington 56187 Congressional District: 6 
County: Nobles FICE Identification: 002395 

Telephone (507) 372-2107 Entity Number: 1-41-087-91 09-A1 

Established 1935 Coed 

Enrollment: 730 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) ; $637 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 


Accreditation: Nil 

02 President Dr. Frederick Vodn 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Lawrence Dukes 

05 Dean of Instruction Vacant 

08 Librarian Mrs. Joanne Saxon 

06 Registrar 6 Accounting Officer Mr. Robert Carter 

37 Financial Aid Officer Dr. Kenneth Swift 


NOPTII CENTRAL BIBLE COLLEGE 

910 Elliot Avenue, Minneapolis 55404 

Congressional District; 5 
county; Hennepin FICE Identification: 002369 

Telephone (612) 332-3491 Entity Number: 1 -41 -070-6151 -A1 

Established 1930 Coed 

Enrollment; 623 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,504 

Affiliation: Assemblies of God Church Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 


and General 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr . D on II. Argue 

05 Academic Dean......... Rev. Don G. Meyer 

10 Business Manager Rev. Paul Sherman 

ao R ®9 ist 5 ar Miss Corrine Johnson 

08 Librarian Rev. Glenn Lockwood 

34 Dean of Women Hiss Deborah Oonnes 

33 Dean of Men Rev. Edward Greene 

07 Director of Admissions Miss Cheryl Turnbull 

32 Director of Student Life...... Rev. Marshall Flowers 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Miss Ronda Mooberry 


NORTHWEST TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 

7600 Highway 7, Minneapolis 55426 Congressional District: 3 
County: Hennepin FICE Identification: 008267 

Telephone (612) 933-2233 Entity Number; 1-41-079-4337-Ai 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment; 46 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,640 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Trimester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: NATTS 

01 President......... Hr. Norris J. Nelson 

06 Administrative Assistant Mrs. Joann Noack 


NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE 

3003 Snelling Ave N , Roseville 55H3 

Congressional District; 4 



213 


County: HftiniMiy F ICE Identification: 002371 

'i'olo j: I ioiio (6 12) (>.)<>- HO 4 0 Entity Humber: 1 -0 1-071-1610 — A1 

Kutabiiiilind 1«J02 Coed 

Hurt* Hu n nt: 71 'J lliuioc«jtanuat.c Tuition and Pees: $3,000 

Cantiol: .1 min pond i* nt Hen prefit Quarter 

II LcjU out. 0( in ling: 4 oi 5 Year Unccaiauroate 
I'rotp nnu: ToL’iniiml Occupational Union bachelor's; Liberal Art 3 
ti ml Utiiinvalj Tonchoi Propacntory 
A ccc od u nt ion: Nil 

01 I’l'ixrtdii lit Or. william D. Berntsen 

01 K xu outlvn V ice I'lOiiiildnt Cr. Donald F.. Ericksen 

0!t V it: t! prtiii Aendowit: At fall'll Dr. Hilliao Devier 

Vico prim Public Al'I'nirn Hr. Frod Fuqene Kordick 

10 V it: ii prim linn Uiimiii Attain) Hr. Harold E. Allford 

OH t. ill f«i: lull Mrs. Mary L. Hovda 

11 Difit li nl ttUulonUi Hr. Dwight Gunberg 

M4 Don n of Uiimnu Hrs. Vorna llalvorsen 

IMi Dir Adwitmionn and lloijlntra r. Dr. Robert D. Posegate 

<to Uic uotoi Muuni Affniru Hr. Ralph D. Anderson 

nil IUl- *n:ti»r Ath.ltil.ieii Mr. Mel Boahland 


IIOHTIIW HilTl! 1111 COLLEGE OP CIIIUOPHACTIC 

1I13H ;i Minn llivor lllvd, Ualn t Paul 55116 

Congressional District: a 
Count./: Ilnmnny F1CP. Identification: 012320 

Tfllrj phono (t, 12) 6 ( J0- 1 73!> Entity Number: 1-41-0G8-4657-A1 

Km to. 111. in hod VI H 1 Coed 

Bn it* .LI Din nl.; R00 lln dor graduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

CO lit. toll 1 nd opt! lid on t tl cnproCit Semester 

High out. Of Co ring: Plait: Vi'ofotiuionnl; No Lower Division 
I'l'oq t'ftiii: Piofonoicnal 
Acer Mdll.nt ion: ciUlto 

in 1>Tiuii do lit DL-. John B. Holfe 

0*i Dim ii of: Cli lropatfitli: Jltudion Dr. John F. Allenburg 

07 Dir Mi.M in of AdmliluioiUi Sharon Luhring 

li A imi oc lumn lnnt.r Du volopnout Dr. Dale H. Good 

ID Aunt. Pnm l)«volof-A luimii Hoi Nr. V. Duane llenre 

on Ho ml Ulnar Inn Ha. Cheryl Bjetke 

/ 0 P r<ui,ldn lit. Alumni Anmicia tion* Dr. Michael 1. Herman 

00 INK) in l.r at: Nary Catherine Dunkel 

J. Ii l*lin iron n I! on tin rc;h CuBBitton Dr. Charles Sawyer 

10 HtifUmiMM Manager Mi; - James Albertson 

17 Dir HI u dll lit Fin uncial Aid No* Plu “ 

‘i l Dir Pont UrndUftto Education Dc. Jerrold wildanauer 

0 } Cou tiUiifttor of Clinic Kot vicoe Dr. Charles sawyer 

MOH¥IIH KilVKlIN BIKCTRCIIXCM INSTITUTE 

HOOO « in no lift lift * Hi iinoit polio 55406 I1T ^' , ?a 0B *i‘?‘i ^11^^007353 

countyi Hon n up in _ identification: 007353 

'tola phono (6 12) 721-2469 Entity Humbert 1-41-045-1480^1 

KncoUmm'it? 61)3° Undorgcadunte Tuition and Pees: 

Control: Organiaod ftfl Profit Making uuacrer 

Iticjli otit Of coring! 2 HUt. Lost! Than R Years 
l'toflrn*: Toemlnnl ()cou|»ationftl Below nachelor s 
ACCLaditfttioilJ NATTS D avid u Acne son 

01 l* lTO il id Oil I. .... n * rhirlnc Dettoonn 

<>!i Don n of !. 5?^ Leona Link 

00 nay inti' nr 

HO BTIIW KHTBHH LUTHERAN THEOLOGICAL SEHINAFY 

1501 Fulham Stcoot, saint raul 55100 Gongcesslonal District! a 

FICE identification: 002372 

Son !*”?!) 541-3456 entity Number: 1-'1-010-»9£1 

SUluiSJf 20 2 0° h T! e ; 9 meu2a ta TUiU ° n 

NO undergraduates 

Program: Profoonicnal 

Acer edit at ion: TIISOL DCi Ll0 yd svendsbye 

01 Proairtont Terence E. Fretheim 

05 Dean of Faculty ’ Hc> Richard Tenneson 

10 Quoineas Manager..... RQV . Ron ald Lundeen 

3 0 Director of Hs< Cacol e. Baker 

Ob Registrar ‘ Rev. Norman Wente 

00 Librarian * . nev , jack v. Kelly 

32 Dean of Students Rev . Heal En gblcom 

U 5 A cl is in V Assistant to President _ Dr . Robert P. Roth 

50 Director of Graduate Studies 

3AINT JOHN’S UNIVBR5ITY 

. Congressional District: 6 

Collogavillo 56321 picE Identification: 002379 

ss‘,u.:‘Sw 363 -ic, ..tit. .—• ■ ""-sausi 

«iti«. - ,3 > 235 


Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

Highest Offering: Master's 4-1-a 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; ieacher Preparatory- 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, theol 

01 Acting President e PU in,_ 

03 Executive Vice President ’?ev.' GunthVn 0 R u ^ ane 

0U Assistant to the President Sro. Brennan* r T 

05 Academic Dean of the College Hr. F.ob= rt l ® sJaeth 

32 Vice Pres of Student Affairs Rev! 

10 Vice President Adoinv Services Hr. Warren D j an70 r, 

Of Begistrar Hr. william j? Van Cleve 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Roger C. Young 

38 Director of Counseling Hr. Kirk Lamb 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Hichael White 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. lee fc. Hanley 

15 Dir Teacher Placement Services Hr. Hichael'j. Ryan 

36 Director of Placement Er. Hichael s. Gregory 

14 Director of Computer Center Bro. Paul ®itt 

29 Alumni Secretary Rev. Roger Botz 

73 Acting Dean School of Theology........ P.ev. William Skudlarek 

SAINT MARY'S COLLEGE 

Winona 55987 Congressional District: 1 

County: Winona FICE Identification: 002300 

Telephone (507) 452-4430 Entity Number: 1-41-069-5527-A1 

Established 1912 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,354 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,310 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HH, NMT 

01 President Bro. Peter Clifford 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs r, t( pr. John J. Johnson 

03 Vice President Administration i. BrO . Paul L. Grass 

32 Vice Pres Student Development Mr. Phil Schumacher 

06 Registrar Nr. Michael E. Galkowski 

07 Dir of Admissions Counseling Mr. Anthony Piscitiello 

00 Librarian D ro - paul Ostendorf 

10 Business Manager Nt* J * B * Knuesel 

37 Director of Financial Aid , Nr. Robert Watson 

33 Dear, of Students Nr. Gar Kelloo 

14 Director of Computer Center Dro. John Grover 

38 Director of Counseling Dr * Patrick Leone 

36 Dir Car Planni-ng and Placement Hr. Gregory Stevens 

27 Director of Public Relations •••■• ns * BethCovgill 

30 Director of College Relations.,... Mr. Thomas J. Burchill III 

15 JSK KSi 

SAINT MARY'S JUNIOR COLLEGE 

2500 South 6th street, Un-plU “JS* eeion.l Dietrict: 5 
„ .... u „_ .... „ FICE Identification: 002381 

”?2| '332-563, - 000- 95 , , - A , 

JS* onflergraOuate tuition oh. 

“'J lot's 

Proaram* Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, MLTAD, HRT, PTAA, SSTH Noore 

01 President ** Dr T honas G. Scheller 

03 Vice President :*•*:; nr . H arv Broderick 

05 Acad Dean-Vice Pres Sc> Kat hryn Ross 

06 Dir Admissions and Records Hrs> Luell „ siaon 

08 Director of Libraries i r ving Larson 

10 Business Manager Dr . peter D'Ueilly 

49 Director General Education 

SAINT OLAF COLLEGE . ^ 

Bortbflel. 5505, ,ICE”I.entif’o»t i»? ; «»«“ 

sasfi^ “ titj 8o,18C: k i 

;:ss, '" s! 

05 Vice President and Dean B Stanley L* K ®®; 

1? Vice President and Treasurer.. « Da ,id E. Jahnso, 

04 Vice president.. Dr. Hency N. H 9 

32 Vice President-Dean students....;..-^ ^ Bcuca j. jobert 

33 Dean of Men Hiss Carol V. 

34 Dean of Women....* 



JUJiSJSSIA.. 


..an 


06 Registrar Dr. John Lygre 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Bruce K. Hoe 

00 Librarian «. Mr. Forrest 2 . Broun 

37 Financial Aids Officer Mr. Mark Gelle 

36 Dir Career Flan and Placement „ Mr. Forster Davis 

Id Dir of Administrative computer Mr. Larry Petterson 


SAINT PAOL BIBLE COLLEGE 

County Road 30 and 92, Bible College 55375 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Carver FICB Identification: 002303 

Telephone (612) 446-1411 Entity Number: 1-41-069-3968-A1 

Established 1916 Coed 

Enrollment: 656 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,037 

Affiliation: Christian and Missionary Alliance Church 

Seaester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 fear Baccalaureate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, BI 

01 President Hr. Joseph H. levinkel 

10 Director of Finance Hr. Richard 1. Carlson 

30 Director of Development Hr. John C. Briggs 

05 Vice President for Instruction Dr. Milton K. Reiser 

06 Registrar Mr. Robert A. Mccluskey 

09 Vice Pres for Acad Admin Mr. John L. Eagen 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Patrick K. Skinner 

08 Librarian Miss Marcelyn. J. Smid 

32 Vice Pres for Stdnt Pers Serv Hr. Dennis M. Johnson 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Richard C. Porter 

15 Director of Business Affairs Hr. Leroy M. Toth 


SAINT PAUL SEMINAR! 


2260 Summit, Saint Paul 55105 Congressional District: V 

County: Ramsey PICE Identification: 002384 

Telephone (612) 698-0323 Entity Humber: 1 -41 -069-3 969-A 1 

Established 1092 Men 

Enrollment: 118 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: JO 

Affiliaticn: Renan Catholic 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, THBCl 

“I Rector Rev. Charles I. Proehle 

06 Registrar Mr. James w . Ryan 

08 Librarian Rev. Leo J. Tibesar 


SCHOOL OF THE ASSOCIATED ARTS 

344 Summit Street, St. Paul 55102 Congressional District; 4 
County: Ramsey FICB Identification: 029191 

Telephone (612) 224-3416 Entity Number :• 1-23-702-2431 -A1 

Established 1924 Coed 

Enrollment: 103 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,740 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Bear Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: WAITS 

President.. Miss Virginia Rabja 

03 Vice President Mr . Richard Yakel 

05 Dean.. - Hr. Ronald D . Swenson 

06 Secretary and Registrar Mrs. Yvonne Uawks 


STATE UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF MINNESOTA 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 


550 cedar Street, Saint Paul 55101 congressional District: 4 
county: Ramsey PICE Identification: 029070 
Telephone (612) 2S6-2844 Entity Number: 1-4 1-600-7162- A1 


wi Chancellor Dr. Garry D. Hays 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs . Dc Emily Hannah 

10 Vice chancellor for Finance Hr. Edvard H. McMahon 

15 Director Personnel ■ Ms. Laurie Nevers 

29 Director of Labor Relations... Mr. Jack Sanit 

04 Exec Assistant to Chancellor Ms. Sharon Miller 


♦BEMIDJI STATE UNIVERSITY 


Beaidji 56601 
County: Beltrami 
Telephone (218) 755-2000 
Established 1913 
Enrollments 5,534 


Congressional District: 7 
FICE Identification: 002336 
Entity Humber: 1- 41-600-9 1 1 2-A1 

Coed 


Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (I n-State) : $748 
control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 


Accreditation: NH, SW, TED 

02 President Dr. Rebecca Stafford 

05 Acting Vice Pres Acad Affairs Dr. Leslie Duly 

10 Vice Pres Admin & Stdnt Aff Mr. Carl Long 

32 Vice Pres student Affairs Dr. Roger Ludeman 

06 Registrar Ms. Kathryn Calder 

37 Director of Financial Aids... Hr. Robert E. Frazey 

36 Director of Placement..... Dr. Richard Haugo 

14 Director of Data Processing Hr. 8d Nettestad 

38 Director of Student Counseling Dr. Russell F. Lee 

29 Director Alumni Association Mr. Mark Paulson 

15 Personnel Officer Mr. John Arneson 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies Vacant 

08 Dean of Library Services Ms. Judith McDonald 

70 Dean Soc Behav 6 Sci-Grad Stdy Dr. Lewis J. Downing 

53 Dean Div Prof 6 Applied stdy Dr. Charles Foust 

57 Dean Div Hunanities-Fine Arts Dr. Fulton Gallagher 

49 Dean Division Science 6 Math Cr. Frank Saccoman 


♦MANKATO STATE 0NIVERSITY 

South Road and Ellis Ave, Mankato 56001 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Blue Earth FICE Identification: 002360 

Telephone (507) 3B9-2463 Entity Number: 1-4 1-600-7162-E8 

Established 1866 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,036 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $730 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ART, # DA , #DH, MLTAD, MUS, NUR, SW , TED 
02 President Dr. Margaret R. Preska 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Philip W. Kendall 

32 Vice Pres-Student Services Dr. Richard G. Fisher 

10 Vice Pres Fiscal Affairs.,, Dr. Thomas F. Stark 

45 Dir Administration Services Dr. Claire E. Faust 

06 Registrar Mr. R. Victor Swenson 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Jack Parkins 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. Dale K. Carrison 

09 Dir Instnl Res and Evaluation Dr. John M. Winkworth 

14 Director computer Services Hr. Earl Gildemeist'er 

15 Director of Personnel Dr. Joe D. Holland 

38 Dir of Counseling Services Mr. David P. Ruthenbeck 

36 Director of Placement services Mr. David J. Hendel 

26 Director Community Relations Mr. Joseph R. Farnham 

30 Acting Director of Development.... Mr. Richard Coyle 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Robert 0. Matuska 

50 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Winston V. Denson 

49 Dean of Arts and Humanities Dr. Jane F. Earley 

53 Dean of Education Dr. Duane c. orr 

50 Dean of Business or. Morgan I. Thomas 

68 Dean of Health-Phy Education Dr. Donald W. Buchanan 

70 Dean Social-Behavioral Science Dr. Bill R. Webster 

59 Dean Natural Sci-Math-Home Ec Dr. V. Dean Turner 

66 Assoc Dean School Nursing Dr. Melba A. Leichsenring 

♦METROPOLITAN STATE UNIVERSITY 

121 Metro Square, Saint Paul 55101 Congressional District: 4 
County: Ramsey FICE Identification: 010374 

Telephone (612) 296-3B75 Entity Number: 1-41-600-7162-89 

Established 1971 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,993 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees(In-state) : $775 
Control: State . Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate; No Lower 
Division 

Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NK 

02 President . ... Dr. Reatha Clark King 

03 Vice President Dr. Gerald w. Christenson 

05 Dean for Academic Affairs Dr. Robert V. Hanle 

10 Director of Business Office Mr, Dennis W. Blager 

06 Registrar Ms. Phyllis E. Lee 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. John Mohr 

08 Director Learning Resources......... Dr. Susan T. Hydell 

37 student Financial Aid Officer Mr. Jim D. Cleaveland 

09 Dir Assessment and Research..... de. James E. Deegan 

26 Dir Plan-Community Relations Mr. John Mohr 

27 Publications Officer Ms. Sue M. Araos-Palaer 

15 Personnel Officer Ms. Janice M. Anderson 

29 Director Alumni Relations, Ms. Nancy McKillips 

38 Director of Advising Ms. Elizabeth P. Shippee 

30 Director Grants & Development Mr, Terry Crowley 

14 Director of Computer Services Mu. Jeff Mosner 


♦MOORHEAD STATE UNIVERSITY 

11th Street South, Moorhead 56560 
County: Clay 


Congressional District: 7 
FICE Identification: 002367 



Entity 


!> 1 


Tela phone ( 210 ) 236-2011 
Established 1085 
Enrollment: 6,116 

control: st.te 
Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, HUS, SH , ted 

* President 

Vice Pres for Academic Affairs 
Vice Pros Student Pecs Service 
Vice pres Adrainv Affairs.....' 

Vice President Public Affairs 
Director of Computer Center.. 

Dir Career Counsel Placement. 
Director of Financial Aids... 
Director Counseling .Services. 
Associate Dean of Students... 
Associate Dean of Students... 

Dir Instructional Resources.. 

Director of Admissions 

Reg istrar-Dir Instnl Research 

Head librarian 

Director Audio Visuai Services 
Dean of Art-Hum-Soc Science.. 

Dean Bus Industry-App Prograa 
Dean Hath and natural Science 

0 Dean of Graduate studies 

Dean Kd Regional Services.... 


Humber: 1-41 -600-7701-A1 
Coed 

and Fees (In-State) : J 717 
Quarter 

Bachelor's; liberal Arts 


Dr. Roland Dillt- 
••• Dr. Williao Jones 
Dr. Robert N. MacLeod 

• Mr. Earl R. Herring 

• Dr. Gerhard tiaukebc 
.. Dr. Martin Holoien 
.. Hr. Melvin Schmitz 

• Hr. lavid Anderson 
.. Dr. Ronald Kopita 
Mrs. Eileen I. Hume- 
Hr. Marvin Gerhardson 
Dr. Darrel h. neinke 
• Mr. Floyd Brown 
. Mr. Don Engbecg 

Vacant 

. Mr. Lee Rordrua 
Dr. Nancy Parlin 
Dr. David Nelson 
Dr. Hilliao B. Treuaanr. 
Benjamin W. McCashland 
Dr. Richard Jones 


Dr 


♦SAINT CLOUD S1ATE UNIVERSITY 

fjaint Cloud 56301 Congressional District: 6 

County: Stearns PICE Identification: 00237? 

Telephone (6 12) 2E5-2202 Entity Humber: 1-41-600-7162-F3 

Established I860 * Coed 

Enrollment: 11,049 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5797 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, BUS, HUS, TED 

02 President Dr. Charles J. Graham 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. David C. Johnson 

45 Vice Pres Admin Affairs Hr. Villiaa Radovich 

26 Vice Pres University Relations Hr. Terry P. Montgomery 

32 Vice Pres student Life-Develop Dr. David S. Sprague 

10 Business Manager Mr. Sanford A. Eettcber 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Hr. Keith J. Bauch 

00 Doan of Learning Resources Dr. John G. Berling 

09 Dir of Inst Studies 6 Research cr. Cora H. Robinson 

3 G Die of Career Plan fi Placement Mr. Valter G. Larson 

3V Associate Dean of Students - Ms. Patricia S. Potter 

29 Director of Alumni Services Mr. Thomas I. MacGillivary 

30 Director of Development nr. Darryl 0. Ahneaann 

27 Dir of Information Services Dr. Howard R. Rowland 

15 Director Personnel Services........... Hr. William t. Tschida 

30 Director Counseling Services..... Mr. Hillard 1. Kalash 

37 Director of Financial Aid .. i ...... . Hr. Franklin E. Loncocich 

04 Spec Asst to the president Hr. Robert H. Becker 

an neciistrar Hr. Hyrom S. Umerski 

13 Director of Computer Services Hr. Curtis 0. Ghylin 

51 Assoc Dean of Cont students Dr. *™nce J* 

IS E: 

11 EK It 

U oean °of Seril^tsT £ “Ell J; 

64 Chairman of Music.. Dc< H Collins 

60 Chairman of Hper. ’"** nrl Claude F. Delzoppo 

70 Chairman of sociology.. 


Congressional District: 6 
FICE identification: 002375 
Entity Humber: 1-41-600-7162-FS 


♦ SOUTHWEST STATE UNIVERSITY 

Marshall 56258 
County: Lyon 
Telephone (507) 5-7-7100 
Established 1963 

tn»u»»t: 2 < tuitio. ..a 

Professional 

Accreditation: NH Dr . j on H. Hefald 

02 p resident ‘ . or. Judith A. stucnick 
05 Chief Acadeaic Officer. v ^ Dc< R0 bert D. Johnson 

30 Vice Pres Public A£ fairs. ........ * 


22 Vice Pres - , 
25 Director 
^7 Dir If 5 i t - (i > 
Of Dir iLT.r-icti 
07 Director or a 
1 y Director r c 
37 Director 
01 Registrar.... 
10 Dir Mm*;.:.. 
’5 Perscr.nel 






• ’ t e : : , ; 
: Ai.ati ?,f 

i » 1 1 =. > . - • , [ 

r. : i k i ti . i. 


airs. 


t : • 


«v:i.DBA z?x-i 

Hlhor.j 5iae7 
County: Hit', r. -i 
Telephone ,M..r 

Sstabl i.ited ‘ 
Sarollaett; : , . 

Control: ate 

Highest Offer in j; 
Program: L x t -• c -a i Ait'; 

FCOfMBiOtSi 
Accreditation: i« 

02 President 

05 vice Pres for *ral“a* 
22 vice Pres for jit^ivr* 
10 Vice free for Afair.v 

06 Registrar 

00 Director al lirtano-. 
37 Director of ?ir.ar.i:i*i 
20 vice Pres Cciv Pel s 
27 Dir Ir.fo Se:»-»ttum 
36 Director cl Plats: 

14 Director of -ompiee: 

07 Director of AJmissiut. 

15 Dir cf pertcniil flan* 
51 Dean of Regional Cam;. 
5B Dean Nat & ipp Dci-G; 

49 Dear. Literal Arts.... 

50 Dean of Easiness as?. 
53 Dean of Education.... 


•: SUf) 

a r ; , ! 

a t r . 


t. t.i, 
inr ; : 

#-.t i 


:f i v f . 


■ " ' • * • •• •> r. 

. ..... • . . . . 

” ». .«>; 
• ;• i i. . i - 3 1 

* Vv,:* '.«*«• 

. ■ . . m • i , i » ■ •* i .. •: i 

..... * > a ••••'•• . i 

. ?■ >-t >■ ; . ■ .■ :i •• ’ 

, , . He. . ■> : t . :. t j> “ t » 

. ..... . • ‘ 

.. ;»,mU 

.. V ' *.$•«■*• t ; w* i 

. . . ■ •» -5 . a s 2 L rt 

. .. ; ■ . ■>* i»‘: i- u .» i "h 

. . ' , . •'.tt;. 


UNITED T8EOLO jK'AL D 2 » INA J f 

2000 fifth Street » *, H^w 

County: Sansey 
Telephone (6ii) fcai-aii 1 
Established I9:i2 
Enrollment: 221 
Affiliation: vaitei -t.H'a 
Highest Offering: Da:r::.it , v; 
Prograa: Proteasiosai 
Accreditation: N.t, Idi-M 
01 President. 

05 Vice Pres Acad AdBisintrsti 

06 Asst Dir Admin and far ns*.. 

07 Dir Admissions and 

32 Director cf St’idmst 5ms»i;'«a 

08 Librarian 

30 Vice President Develop** at . . 
10 Director of ausiswa* Altai** 


UhlVERSITI OF B»«»0Zk 

♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

Minneapolis 55^55 
County: flenneym 
Telephone (612) 373-2*51 

01 President 

10 Actg Vice Pres fee fist ac®. 

45 Vice Pres for Instill 

05 Vice Pros for Acad »""•* ■ 

32 Vice Pres for fltsdsat itsmts*.. .. 

30 Vice Pres Miisi 8 

63 Vice Pres for aeaith - ’ “ * 

♦ 0NIVES5ITT OF STBSSS'DtA if 




1 .: i»*: 

I -.ft ■ . 

« ;• t f ‘ 


'i - A 1 
-4 : i 
. 13 


. . 4; 
. 4.( . 


. .. * “ ' ! - 
:-S , . . 

- , . a .: i : 
*!'.«> « 

ST . fc 
.. 'i i 


RA-iy «- 
.s w . ;; 


’ ii.\t rv«r. 

l 

3f.S Jt*l 
iiX»s? >r 
, a «•: ait 
'it »6s» 
Fitter 


... .r* is s * * * + ct “ 

rif l JMniMa'ii.*.- S42 tl 
iltt i*? *-»•«» f, ♦«**:*• " 

• 8?» t* FWtinf 
*s - f . 3®*.® a 

. >t. 

, :pj, 

to, ?%m>% 

. m , ftiim 

.... m. it** *- •*»•*« 


■rggt i&mHi-t. W»*-i«tiS f»*J 
isHtj Js»D»’ss •?...* 


Culath 55312 
county: Saint lo-ais 
Telephone (2i*> 72fe- 
Esteblished 12*7 

Enrollment: ®j m** *** to**m«S***<* > 

Control: Stat e ^ m&- mm ®m *m*m*»* 

wSSB »*« S 2 aS 22 £. u **"' 

and General; *««*« 



11L 


flUBBSQIA 


Accreditation: NH, Dll, MEDB, HUS, SP 

02 Pro voat 

05 Vice Provost Academic Admin 

32 Vice Provost student Affairs 

10 Vice Provost Business Affairs...... 

04 Assistant Provost 

06 Registrar 5 Director Adoission 

26 Director of Campus Relations 

08 Director of Library. 

37 Director Financial Aids 

36 Dir Counsel Car tevelop-Place 

14 Director of Ccaputei Center 

30 Senior Developaent Officer 

25 Senior Grant Administrator 

51 Dir Cont Sducaticn-Extension 

63 Act Dean School of Medicine 

7C Dean Sch of Social Developaent..... 

52 Dir Dental Hygiene Program 

5B Asst Dean Graduate School 

49 Dean Col Letters and Science 

53 Act g Dean College of Education 

50 Dean Sch of Bus and Economics 

57 Dean School of Fine Arts 

75 Dir Indust and Tech studies........ 


SW, TED 

... Dr. Robert L. Heller 
....... Dr. Paul E. Junk 

.. Dr. Bruce L. Gildseth 
.. Hr. Robert V. Bridges 
.... Dr. Dennis L. Nelson 

.... Hr. Gerald R. Allen 

... Hr. Julian B. Hoshal 
... Hr. Donald J. Pearce 
Hr. Nicholas F. whelihan 
..... Hrs. Hommey Kanter 

.... Du. John E. Skelton 

. Dr. Raymond H . Darland 
.... Hr. James S. Loukes 

..... Dr. Gregory R. Fox 

.... Dr. James G. Boulger 

...... Dr. Iri E. Carter 

.. Dr. Odin H. Langs joe n 
. Dr. Klaus P. Jankofsky 
. Dr. George R. Rapp Jr. 
.... Dr. Jchn E. Verrill 

Dr. David A. Vose 

. Dr. Phillip H. Coffman 
Vacant 


♦ UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA MAYO GRADUATE SCIICOI OF MEDICINE 

Rochester 55S01 Congressional District: 1 

County: Olmsted FICE Identification: 010337 

Telephone (507) 284-2342 Entity Number: 1-4 1-601-1702-A2 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 426 Ondecgcaduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest offering: Doctorate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: GNU 

02 Director of Education. Dr. John T. Shepherd 

10 Adainv Associate-Business..., Hr. A. Russell Hanson 

06 Adainv Assistant-Registrar Hr. Donald J. Weggen 

25 Administrator-Research Mr. David A. Barnes 

09 Hayo Fdn Dir Instnl Research Dr. Leo F. Black 

26 Administrator-Public Relations Hr. Hark G. Brataas 

29 Executive Secretary Alumni Hrs. Hargot A. Trowbridge 

04 Administrative Assistant..... Hr. Craig A. Smoldt 

58 Director Graduate Education Vacant 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA OF MINNEAPOLIS SAINT PAUL 

Minneapolis 55455 Congressional District: 5 

County: Hennepin PICE .Identification: 003969 

Telephone (612) 373-2051 Entity Number: 1-41-600-7513-A1 

Established 1B51 Coed 

Enrollment: 63,715 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 11,132 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ANEST, ARCH, BUS, CLPSY, COPSY, DA, DENT, 
DH, DIET, DIETZ, ENG, IF1DER, FOR, FUSER, USA, IPSY, JOUR, 
LAB, LIB, LSAR, HED , MX, HUS, NUR, OT, EU, PHAH, PTA, RAD, 
FSTH, FTT , SCPSY, SP, SV, TED, VET 

S’! President. Dr. c . Peter Hagrath 

06 Coord Student Support Services Dr. James B. Preus 

08 Director University Libraries Mr. Eldred R. Smith 

10 Controller Hr. Glenn Smith 

15 Asst Vice Pres Pers Admin Mr. William C. Thomas 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mr. Samuel R. Levis 

30 Assoc Vice Pres Develop- Alumni. .... .... Hr. Robert J. Odagard 

26 Director University Relations Mr. Russell D. Tall 

14 Director Univ Computer Service... Dr. Frank Verbrugge 

36 Die Ed career Develop Office Dr. Killian II. Edson 

38 Coord student Development Dr. Theda Hagenah 

25 Dir Research Administration Hr. Anton R. Potami 

49 Dean College of liberal Arts Hr. Fred E. tukeraann 

56 Dean of Cont Ed and Extension Dr. Harold A. Hiller 

71 Director of Summer Session Dr. Willard L. Thompson 

61 Dean of the Lav School Mr. Robert R. stein 

74 Dean Col Veterinary Medicine Dr. Robert H. Dunlop 

63 Dean of the Medical School Dr. Neal L. Gault Jr. 

66 Dean School of Nursing Dr. Ellon T. Fahy 

47 Dean College of Agriculture Dr, James F. Tancan 

58 Dean of the Graduate School Dr. Warren S. Ibele 

59 Dean Collage Home Economics Dr. Keith H. McFarland 

53 Dean College Education Ec. William E. Gardner 

52 Dean School of Dentistry Dr. Richard C. Oliver 

65 Dean of College cf Porestry..., Dr. Richard A. Skok 

69 Dean School Public Health Hr. Lee D. Stauffer 

72 Dean Institute of Technology Dr. Roger Staehle 

67 Dean of College of Pharmacy Dr. Laurence C. Weaver 

50 Dean Sch of Bus Administration Mr. David H, Lilly 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA AT MORRIS 


Morris 56267 Congressional District: 7 

County: Stevens FICE Identification: 002309 

Telephone (612) 589-2211 Entity Number: 1-4 1-600-75 13-B 1 

Established 1959 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,624 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $1,122 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, TED 

02 Provost Dr. John Q. Imholte 

05 Academic Dean Dr. Elizabeth S. Blake 

32 Assistant Provost Dr. Stephen G. Granger 

10 Business Manager Mr. Daniel v. Noble 

08 Head Librarian Hr. Russell E. Dubois 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Robert J. Vikander 

06 Registrar Hs. Ruth E. Fetzlaff 

36 Dir Car Planning and Placement Mr. Gary L. Donovan 

14 Director of Computer Center Du. Angel A. Lopez 

26 Director University Relations Ms. Margo Warner 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Jerry W. Wangsness 

38 Director of Counseling Hr. Gregory S. Schleifer 

51 Director continuing Education Dr. Roger S. McCannon 

53 Chrmn of Education Division Mr. Jerome J. Rottier 

49 Actg Chrmn of Science and Math Dr. James F. Olson 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA TECHNICAL COLLEGE AT CROCKSTON 


Crookston 56716 Congressional District: 7 

county: Polk FICE Identification: 004069 

Telephone (218) 281-6510 Entity Number: 1-41-600-7513-B8 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,109 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 1985 
Control: State Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But loss Than 4 Years 
Program: Terninal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

02 Provost Dr. Stanley D. Sahlstroo 

05 Asst provost Academic Affairs Dr. Donald G. Sargeant 

32 Asst Provost Student Affairs Dr. Anthony Kuznik 

10 Business Manager Mr. Karl P. Eornhoft 

07 Dir Admis and Financial Aid Mr. John M. Byvater 

26 Dir University Relations Mr. Edvard N. stoyanoff 

08 Supervisor Learning Resources Mr. Harold J. Opgrand 

14 Director Computer center Mr. Donald A. MacGregor 

36 Dir Car Place and Counsel Mr. Donald R. cavalier 

29 Director Alumni Relations Hr. Lowell Larson 

5i Dir Cont Ed and Cmty Service Mr. Stephen L. Kraatz 

49 Chrmn of Gen Ed Division Dr. Richard Christenson 

47 Actg Chrmn Agric Division Mr. Erman 0. Ueland 

50 Chairman of Business Division...... Dr. Larry G. Christiansen 

59 Chrprsn Jlome-Fam Serv Division,... Ms. Emily L. Minnich3of for 
75 Chrmn Hotel and Instnl Mgmt Hr. Thomas J. Kelly 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA TECHNICAL COLLEGE AT WASECA 

Waseca 56093 Congressional District: 2 

County: Waseca FICE Identification: 010225 

Telephone (507) 035-1000 Entity Number: 1-41-600-7513-A6 

Established 1969 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,111 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $975 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADVET 

02 Provost.. Dr. Edvard C. Frederick 

05 Asst Provost Academic Affairs Dr. James L. Gibson 

32 Asst Provost student Affairs Dr. Gary L. Sheldon 

04 Asst Provost Administration Dr. Robert M. Collins 

10 Director of Business Affairs Mr. Thomas J. Eider 

06 Dir Adnis-Records-Fin Aids Hr. James R. llesch 

08 Dir Learning Resources center Mr. William M. Andrews 

36 Director Placement and Alumni. Hr. Robert c. Hendricks 

26 Director University Relations.... Mr. Thomas R . Yuzer 

38 Supervisor Counseling...., Mr. Allan H. Ward 


WILLIAM MITCHELL COLLEGE OF LAW 

875 Summit Avenue, Saint Paul 55105 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Ramsey FICE Identification: 002391 

Telephone (612) 227-9171 Entity Humber: 1-41-051 -8750- A1 

Established 1900 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,127 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control; Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Undergraduates 



i^SIPPI 


I'tu-l inns I* mtitnu l< l 
Hr**' milt nl l*»nt t.AN 

O' lionn.. *. • ht. Geoffrey w. Peters 

OH A >ift lui »>«•-* ii A-rt'’""' 1 ' AfrivUii ttc. Molvin I). Goldborq 

0l» l*« mi Aila i ’tn inn <i»n« ill *m Hr. Hobort E. oliphant 

OH t, limit Ini Hto. Carol c. Plorin 

.10 HU 0.1 .)> Of |»»i r»*i i “‘I Hlflr. Hr. Craig Wruck 

Ifi l*n r l linn irtl A u\ Hn. Margaret H. Riehsn 




Mv'CHM fir AT l: 1111 IV Eli:. ITY 

l.inann I'Ml'Ir. CoiujEomiionnl District: 4 

lounly. i ini Join*' VICE Identification: 002396 

r«H» t-lmiM' ftiiii) all - */i i Enilty Nunbor: 1 -G4-600-0013-A1 

llnln M J'i li'ot III/! Coed 

Kino 1 1 No mi i i, r-n 

iimlo ini ml un Co Tull Ion nud Pouu (In-Stato) : 1760 
liinitoli rliiitu Semester 

iHijhen* ric foil mn NartMiK'n 

Pio-fiABi l.l Ii oi a 1 Ai l ii mid lliMH't rtli Toucher Preparatory; 

V i m f iwiri lit n n l 
A I'H uil ii o 1 Inn: m; 4 T HU 

ill l' i.n o (..Ii i ii* . . Dr. Walter Washington 

ill viiin i> i on lit mi Dr. Rudolph E. Waters 

in III* ,-ut of Aon dun. I*; AMnliri Dr. Halvln A. Williaaa 

ID IhiniiUMJu NniinguL Hr. Oliver H. Noses 

in IHij lii * r n« 1 im "''I i'i Ad *1 Mrs. Mice D. Gill 

OH I, tin n i l mi DC. Kpay I. Hendricks 

U Sion ii or ;• i it . In Dr. Frederick Harris 

.!>. full III- !«i In i l min Mim.-toi; nr- « al P h Payne 

Id (lit nri o i of liny n lojittn lit Dii Franklin D. Jackson 

n'f nil iii'tut lU vlnliin Ai|i Ii: ill 1 ill Dr. Samuel l. Donald 

u>; Hli H tv An m • ?i* ■ t nli‘n‘1 f Dr. Norris A. Edney 

"ID fit mi 1 i >*i Hi v i Minn nr Hum m*iiii *« Dr. David I. Levis 

’ll lilitniim Dlvtfitou ot l!d ifirti ion. ........ . Dr. Josoph L. NaMi" 

hr, imt«**i.i iiivl'iimi of Hum Hi').. Dr. Cora s. Baioat 

HHIIAVM CUM, Kill! 



T« l*» ) boio* (Mil) i’idMIOU Hlltlty HuoDor: 1-64-030-3069-M 

nnlollmonT' il'llr!’ iHi.tur.jrAduntu Tuition and P00S ‘J^21S 

AMI I in i ion : frmilyMH Mu, HMI. 

MUllmNt IIM.II Ill'll U ru ‘j t*HU’ r.r n ^.,.r,.tnrv• 

l♦l^.»J m *t l.iiimnl Arm nrui demii'nli foitcliOL icopar y. 

I* run* m*i ion at 

AM imiUf m ioiit Mi*, Nltil Vocne R. Kennedy 

II I S 1 t**rtAA»>nr « » •««* » •• »»« «••• *» *• «• • • »• "T.T.* n Buckley Jr. 

Ot. VLUM f I on AcRd«»li: A .. 1 HnrSan H. D McCtummoJ III 

U« Aim Lou r.t to Hi*> Vi-iiHirtnm Di. Hocman A< Barcy 

iu Vice miv«i.*u#l|t shelvov Holland Jr. 

♦it vice f*ur. :i i ii ' imii. UE ' °|J r j' rald 0 . Da u 

1(1 A nn lui-i lit iliintiioHM Mil lid f|‘* nobort C. De Vos 

A'l l>U*4.;im or Aliian) AMrtH'o... • g T 0 vnsend 

<ii i)ii«*:»oi or futiiiu ' Higs ))ope D> j, eid 

Dll H r. Doug Hickey 

01 till’ Mi’l: o< <H * Kr . ihonas G. Hood 

VI till: mo I ut (*r V I mi no U l AM * * iiinie F. Powers 

JO IHiotflm of f lni«a*iiir .... 


K till iniv AIM coil. Ml- 1 ; 

k»* .MU, III*!** Non 111. a III .*1*0 10 PIC K n ido»t^° ationS 002 3 9 8 

:owityt Ti luiah 4 viuobor: 1-64-032-5640-Al 

•Mlfciplomn trull) •>»!!»« i» / 1 1 F.ntity Wu> women 

lrtlrti»n*'ih**«l HIM „ , to Tuition and Fees! 

IfitollauiiU i'll. llnd« HI tad nut a tw Semester 

Ittnuumi! !l DU til Bill I'fll'UHt , nlir oat 0 

I i i|h m si t ofMiEluu: <1 <H‘ toocher Pcoparatory 

ifc-inj L«a: uiml'aI urn «'»d (lunucal. 

icet «rt At ai ion: ;;c Dc . b. Hacoid . 

_ nr. Williao N. 

intent- » iss c&t ° l r SS 

U[-S?:!utrornn;niu;i'A‘w«:::*i ? r »c! 0 5«aid po«iec 

ii true toe ofi A-lBlBfiunw. •*•*** H | as Rebecca J. Dris 

Mn of Mt u (Hi n» 

AHKB COI.I.KUB District: 3 

f 0 JIOX HU 0 , KMWten plC^Identif ioationi^ 00 2 H 00 

S5»Mr»a, ..»■*.•* KU,Mr: ’ 

s^si:s; i?" 11 «*“■— 


S"«Uu„ 8 “sc Ci " ;iP “ lly 

01 President r 

05 Dean-Regstr-Actg Dean’stdnts r ^ r ’.** c - Johnson 

10 Business Ha, lager rr.^.rv s. Garner 

08 Librarian 11 • 'Mlentine 

B5:E * Vi ’i a r. Pasaossen 

COAHOHA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

County: ?Shoia' ClaikSdale 38614 .xSTfiSSS!, 1 1 

SESrher^u 627 - 257 ’ soti; * Njat -= 

Bnrolluent: 1,520 Coe<J 

Undergraduate Tuition ar.d Fees (Ir.-Statel • tinr, 

Control: State/Local "Li- **° 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than a Tears “ St9r 

Program: Teruinal Occupational Eelov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President 0c. HcKir.ley c. Nartin 

05 Vice President for Instruction Nr. Csaries p. g e « d 

10 Vice Pres Admin and Operation Nr. Lee Pay Gorman 

08 Dean Library-Instrl Resources Ncs. fllrUa D. Green 

32 Dean of Student Affairs... Nr. .losepa j. Hardy 

07 Dean of Admissions Hrs. Bir.a s. Hanfor 

19 Dir of Transportation Safety Nr. Shelton Wocdley 

26 Director of Public Relations Nr. John Hayo 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Nr. Eddie c. Smith 

30 Vice Pres Instnl Advancement Nr. Ellictt Travis 

51 Dean cf Continuing Education Nr. Joel j. Davis 

U9 Dean Pre-Bacc Programs Hr. Earl l. Gooden 

75 Dean Voc-Tec Education Hr. Samuel L. Blackburn 

COPIAH-LINCOLN JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Wesson 39191 congressional District: 4 

County: Copiah MCE Identification: 002402 

Telephone (601) 643-5101 Entity Number: 1 -6U-600-0293-A2 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,500 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (!n-state) ; J 320 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program; Tenaipal occupational Below Bachelcc s; x-lear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
accreditation: SC, MLTAD Blll R Th ,_ 0 _ 

05 Dean and Dir Summer Session 3 , 

10 Business Manager......... 

06 Dir Admissions and Registrar • chaJLaE 

08 Librarian...... ’ ’ • Alton Ricks 

32 Chief of eutiun O. walker 

26 Director of Public Relations n, r . nv nvk». 

14 Director of Computer Center Dar,ny Dyhes 

DELTA STATE UNIVERSITY 

, . ccngcessional District: 2 

Cleveland 38732 t identification: 002403 

SJonr'fiSlf 846-6664 Entity Number: 1-64-602-6565-M 

Established 1924 

Enrollment: 3 ' 17 5 ndergraauate Tuiti on and F-a, Un-St.tjM J720 

Control: State Master's But Less Than Doctorate 

Highest °Liberai : AEt^and^General; teacher Preparatory 

Accreditation: sc, MQS, TED nc _ Kent Wyatt 

01 president ........ Dr. Jack W. Gunn 

05 Dean of the University.^ . .... * Dr . aichael D. Robbins 

04 Asst to Pres-Dir Adainv seev.... Rc , Hugh C. Smith 

10 Business Manager. . •■••••* *;*'** * ........ . DC. Mac G. McPaney 

07 Dean Admis & Records-Dit Place „ c . Jsaes C . Cooper 

06 Registrar Mr. Bush Miller 

08 Librarian. Ht. Orville ». Eeily Or. 

12 Dean of Student Aff01 f £, ;‘;‘ Dr. John G. Thornell 

09 Sir of institutional Research.... * r . slbert Nelson 

nirpctor of Financial Aids...... tetoy Morganti 

f 7 llllctlv of Public information. ...... * — _ #r . , OB ovidera 

V a nt roc tor Of Counseling fl aivia K. Perriss 

Director of Development.... 8r . Hugh E. Walker 

,0 Alumni Secretary Mr. aobert w. Morris 

Director of Data Processing * Dc . gahers N. 

14 Dir Grad Studies ■•••* r. r Biiliam T» Laforge 

5 ® Irlrll Arts and sciences. » • Dr . jahn C. Gibson 

cl of the School of Business.... Lisso sioa ons 

50 Dean of “® ool of Edu cation ■•*** .. &I . Daisy Howell 

Dean of CoStinuing Education. # &3> Sae clQ y e iand 

11 TZ ot schooi of 


Tuition and 



MISSISSIPPI 


218 


EAST CENTRAL JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Decatur 39327 Congressional District: 3 

County: Hevtcn FICE Identification: 002404 

Telephone (601) 635-2111 Entity Number: 1 -64-600-0329-A1 

Established 19 20 Coed 

Enrollment: 751 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $320 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Charles V. Wright 

05 Academic Dean Bradford J. Tucker 

10 Business Manager Pery B. Hinegarden 

06 Dean of Adaissions-Records. Frank I. Rives 

08 Librarian Ann Burks 

32 Dean of Students Charles D. Brackeen 


+EAST MISSISSIPPI JUNICR COLLEGE 


ITAWAMBA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Fulton 30843 Congressional District: i 

County: Itawamba FICE Identification: 002409 

Telephone (601) 862-3101 Entity Number: 1 -64-600-0500- A 1 

Established 1948 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,433 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : £340 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, RAD, RST11T 

01 President Dr. W. O. Benjamin 

05 Dean Dr. William F. Edmonson 

10 Business Manager...... - Mr. Wayne Sullivan 

07 Dean Stdnts-Dir Admissions Mr. Carl C. Comer 

37 Dir of student Activities Mr. Dilly Q. Caples 

08 Librarian Mrs. Doris Benjamin 

27 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Donna S. Thomas 

75 Dir Voc-Tech Canter at Tupelo.. Mr. William Jagqers 


Scooba 39358 Congressional District: 3 

Coroty: Kemper PICE Identification: 002405 

Telephone (601) 476-2631 Entity Nuober: 1-64-600-0330-A1 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment; 770 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-Sta te) : $300 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, FUSER, PNUR 

01 President Mr. Clois Cheatham 

06 Dean and Registrar Dr. Troy L. Williamson 

10 Business Manager Mr. James a. Moore 

37 Director of student Aid Hr. Terry Faust 

08 Librarian Mrs. Ruth Rogers 

32 Dean of student Personnel Hr. Richard Mathis 

51 Director Continuing Education Mrs. Brenda Davis 

HINDS JUNIOR C0LLEGI 

Raymond 39154 Congressional District: 4 

County: Rinds FICE Identification: 002407 

Telephone (601) 857-5261 Entity Number: 1 -64-600-0453-A1 

Established 1917 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,718 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) j $310 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, DA, DIE1, MLTAD, MAT, RSTU, RSTHT, 
SDRGT 

01 President Dr. Clyde Muse 

05 Vice Pres Inst 6 Coma Affairs Dr. Conrad Welker 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Edward R. Wall 

10 Business Manager Clinton V. Sullivan 

26 Public Relations Director Charles M. Mayo 

07 Director of Admissions Clifford L. Nelson 

J;f bcarlan ** Norma F. Wall 

14 Director of Computer Center Charles S. West 

15 Director Personnel Services Betty C. Dexter 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Jeffrey J, Dessoames 

38 Director Student Counseling William D. Rcuntree 

75 Dean vocational Technical Ed Er. Terry J. Puckett 

55 Director Continuing Education, Charles A. Walker 

49 Academic Dean Dr. Michael J. Rabalais 

HOLMES JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Gocdman 39079 Congressional District: 3 

County: Holmes FICE Identification: 002408 

Telephone (601) 472-2312 Entity Number: 1-64-601-1 1 0 2— A 1 

Established 1925 r .. 

Enrollment: 1,115 

„ ' , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $350 

Control: Local semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Yeat 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

ns P n”* ldent * Nr - Murray R. Thorne 

Sfl f Hr - a- Bunch Jr. 

• 2M*ii.£££: 

> 


+JACKSON STATE UNIVERSITY 

>440 J R Lynch Street, Jackson 39217 

Congressional District: 4 
county: Hinds FICE Identification: 002410 

Telephone (601) 968-2121 Entity Number: 1-64-600-0507- A1 

Established 1877 Coed 

Enrollment: 7,832 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $700 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SC, 3ART, «MUS, SW,' TED 
01 President Dr. John A. Peoples Jr» 

05 vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Estus Smith 

04 Vice Pres for Administration Dr. Lea E. Williams 

10 Vice Pres for Fiscal Affairs.... Dr. Paul Purdy 

06 Director of Records Mrs. Mildred Kelley 

08 Director of the Library Dr. Lelia G. Rhodes 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. George Johnson 

26 Vice Pres for Univ Relations Dr. T. J. Robinson 

33 Dean Student Affairs for Men Mr. Tommie Smith 

34 Dean Student Affairs fcr Women Miss Bobbie N. Oatia 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Oscar C. Williams 

27 Director of Public Information Mr. Melvin Miller 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs Hr. Hilliard Lackey 

09 Asst Dean Admis-Dir Instnl P.es Dr. Lonnie C. Crosby 

30 Director of Development Mr. Obra llackett 

37 Coord Student Financial Aid Hr. Allen Stewart 

38 Dean Student Af f-Counseling Dr. Mildred Allen 

36 Dir Career Planning-Placement Mrs. Pearl Vincent 

14 Director of Computer Center Dr. Jesse c. Lewis 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Oscar A. Rogers 

53 Dean School of Education... Dr. Beatrice D. Mosley 

49 Dean School Liberal Studies Dr. Robert ll , Smith 

50 Dean Sch Dus and Economics... Dr. George F. Currie 

72 Dean Sch Industl-Tech Studies Dr. J. T. Smith 

JONES COUNTY JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Front, Ellisville 39437 Congressional District: 5 

county: Jones FICE Identification: 002411 

Telephone (601) 477-9311 Entity Number: 1 -64 -600-0530-A1 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,181 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $200 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

SJ P resid ent Dr. T. Terrell Tisdale 

34 Dean of Women.., Mrs. Pat ricia Waldrup 

38 Director student Counseling Mr. Emmett Harvey 

04 Assistant to the President Mr, William L. Morris 

9? College Dean. Dr. Ronaia E. whitehead 

10 Business Officer Mr. 0. Dale Walters 

06 Registrar.. Mr. william J. Temple 

37 Dir of Student Financial Aids Hr. Joe L. Herrington 

11 ® tudents * Ht. Thomas H. Waldrup 

ll °f *>«»•■. Mr. Joe J. Flynt 

4 * ' *;*:’*; •• Nrs * Theresa Blackledge 

26 chief Public Relations Officer Mr. R. Hoyt Wallev 

75 Vocational-Technical Director Mr. Arthur BeasleJ 

49 Academic Dean Dr. v> Strickland 

MART HOLMES COLLEGE 

Highway 50 West, West Point 39773 Congressional District: 2 
County: Clay FICE identification: 002412 



Telephone (601) 494-6820 Entity Humber: 1-64-047-7827-A1 

Established 1892 Coed 

Enrollment: 472 Undergraduate Tuition ana Pees: SI, 250 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor* 3; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President.. - Dr. Joseph A. Sore 

03 Executive Vice President.... Dr. Charles Carson 

05 Academic Dean Hr. John H . Bennett 

07 Assistant to the President... Mr. Henry L. Thomas 

10 Business Hanager. Hr. Gerald Williams 

14 Director of Computer Center Hcs. Helen S. Donald 

32 Dean of students Mr. James Stevart 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Joel Barren 

38 Director of Student Counseling.. Hiss Gail Nolls 

06 Dean of Admissions and Records.... Mr. Lucious Daily 

08 Librarian Nrs. Bessie H. Young 

09 Dir Instnl Res and Development Dr. B. N. Shaw 

♦MERIDIAN JUNIOR COILBGE 

5500 Highway 19 Ncrth, Meridian 39301 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Lauderdale FICE Identification: 002413 

Telephone (601) 483-8241 Entity Number: 1-64-603-5781-At 

Established 1937 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,877 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 4360 
Control; Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Iear 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR, IDH, NRT, BAD, RSTHT 

01 President....... Dr. William F. Scaggs 

05 Dean of Instruction Dr. Clarence H. Roberts 

32 Dean of student Services..... Dr. G. Richard fiahr 

10 Business Hanager Mr. John A. Johnson 

08 Director of Learring Resources. Mrs. Prances Hardy 

51 Dean of Continuing Education.... Hr. Jack Shank 


MILLSAPS COLLEGE 


Jackson 39210 Congressional District: 4 

County: Hinds PICE Identification: 002414 

Telephone (601) 354-5201 Bntity Number: 1-64-030-3084-A1 

Established 18 90 Coed 

Enrollment: 920 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,000 

Affiliation: United Methodist Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: sc 

01 President.... Dr. George H. Harmon 

05 Dean of the college Dr. Robert H. King 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Dr. Don E. Strickland 

06 Director of Records Mrs. Sara Brooks 

08 Librarian Mr. James P. Packs Jr. 

07 Director of Admissions.. Hr. John H. Christmas 

33 Dean of Campus Life Hr. Stuart Good 

34 Dean of Women Mrs. Jane Corder 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Mr. Floyd Bolloman 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Tom Whalley 

27 Director of Public Information Mrs. Ann Wetzel 


MISSISSIPPI COLLEGE 


Clinton 39056 Congressional District: 4 

County: Hinds FICE Identification: 002^15 

Telephone (601) 924-5131 Entity Number: 1-64-030-3086-A1 

Established 1826 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,055 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,108 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
professional 

Accreditation: SC, #LAB, MUS, NUR, TED 


01 President Lewis Nobles 

05 Academic Vice President Charles E. Martin 

32 Vice Pres for student Affairs . Van D. Quick 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs... Joe H. Barber Jr. 

06 Registrar Nan H. Sibley 

07 Director of Admissions Rory Lee 

08 Librarian. . i. ...... John B. Howell Jr. 

33 Dean of Men.... David Holloway 


34 Dean of Women. . ^ ..... Louise H. Griffith 

58 Vice Pres Grad & Spec Programs............ Edvard L. McMillan 

61 Dean of the Law School.............. E. A. Turnage 

50 Dean Bus-Pub Administration.;. Gerald Lee 

66 Dean of the Nursing School. ............... .. Samuel 1. Hughes 

53 Dean of School of Education .............. William B. Thompson 


MISSISSIPPI 


MISSISSIPPI DELTA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Moorhead 38761 Congressional District: 2 

County: Sunflower FICE Identification: 002416 

Telephone (60 1) 246-5685 Entity Number: 1-64-600-1 101-A1 

Established 1911 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,530 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $315 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Sears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Or. J. T. Hall 

10 Business Manager. • Hr. Sherman C. Stauffer 

26 Director of Public Relations Hiss Laney wooten 

06 Dir Place Serv and Registrar Hr. Travis T. Thorton 

05 Dean Foe aod Academic Dean Mr. Harmon W. Boggs 

08 Librarian nrs. Doris Boyer 

14 Director of Computer Center.. Mr. Jinny K. Free 

04 Vice President Mr. Sam D. Stafford 

38 Director student Counseling-.... Hr. Joe F. Ray Jr. 


MISSISSIPPI GOLF COAST JUNIOR COLLEGE 


Perkinston 39573 Congressional District: 5 

County: Stone FICE Identification: 008763 

Telephone (601) 928-5211 Entity Number: 1 -64 -600-0964- A1 

Established 1911 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,670 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (m-State) : 1398 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Dr. J. J. Hayden Jr. 

02 Dean Perkinston Camp us. ............ .'i . Dr . Clyde E. Strickland 

02 Dean Jackson Campus., Hr. Curtis 1. Davis 

02 Dean Jefferson Davis Campus.......... Hr. Glen V, Cadle 

06 Registrar Mrs. Willie n. Bunch 

10 Director of Finance Mr. L. D. stringfellov 

08 Librarian Mr. Charles Clark 

32 Director of student Services Mr. Edvard Scarborough 

07 Guidance Officer Mr. Danny R. James 

47' Dir Voc-Tech Education Mr. Billy J. Scarborough 


♦MISSISSIPPI INDUSTRIAL COLLEGE 

Memphis Street, Holly Springs 38635 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Marshall FICE Identification: 002421 

Telephone (601) 252-4754 Entity Number: 1 -64-035-6575-A1 

Established 1905 Coed 

Enrollment: 232 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,000 

Affiliation: Christian Methodist Episcopal Semester 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: SSC 

01 President Dr. Theodore R. Debro 

05 Dean Acad & student Affairs Dr. Roy Deberry 

10 Business Manager Mrs. Estelle N. Brooks 

06 Segstr and Admissions Officer Mrs. E. s. Bowers 

07 Dir Finan Aid-Dean Students Mr. W. F. Thompson 

€8 Librarian. ... Mrs. Wanda Peguea 

15 Director of Placement Mrs. c. L. Ratcliff 

30 Dir Iastnl Advent 0 Planning Hr. John D. Cook 


MISSISSIPPI STATE UNIVERSITY 

Mississippi State 39762 Congressional District: 2 

County: Oktibbeha PICE Identification: 002423 

Telephone (601) 325-3221 Entity Number: 1-64-600-0819-A1 

Established 1878 Coed 

Enrollment: 12,531 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $930 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, ARCH, BUS, ENG, FOR, LSAR, SW, TED, *VET 
01 President Dr, James D. HcComas 

04 Vice President Dr. T. K . Martin 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Robert E. Wolverton 

10 Actg Vice Pres Bus Affairs.... Dr. George Verrall 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs Dr. R . t. Jones 

09 Dir of Institutional Research............... Dr. B. T. Kohler 

07 Dean Records and Registration.......... Mr. Lynn D. Purgerson 

08 Director of Libraries Dr. George F. lewis 

33 Dean of students Dr. Harold B. Hall 

30 Director of Development Mr. Arthur G. Davis 

27 Director University Relations.......... Mr. William G. Gilmer 



220 . 


MISSISSIPPI 


1« Director of Computing Affairs Dr , F red Davi s 

51 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. Hilton T.Bonnivell 

54 Dean of^oil * rt % a £ d f ciences Dr. Edward L. McGlone 

4? College cf Engineering Dr. Willie L. McDaniel 

Dean Col Agric-Home Economics Ir. Charles E. Lindley 

IS ^ 1 r B ?f ines V n ? industry Dr. Gaines M. Rogers 

53 Dean cf College cf Education Dr. Arnold J. Moore 

74 Till T,T | es ' Grad fir. Marion T. Loftin 

al III l f H0me Eco u°fics Dr. touis H. Wise 

48 Dean of Architecture Mr. William G. McHinr. 

65 Dean of Forest Resources Dr. John C. Lee 

MISSISSIPPI UNIVERSITY FCR WOMEN 

G °^““ B “ S T 397G1 Congressional District: 2 

County. Lowndes FICE identification: 002422 

Telephone (601) 328-6041 Entity Number: 1-64-600-0826-A1 

Established 1884 

Enrollment: 2,307 Hoaen 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State> : *729 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Professional 

Accreditation: sc, ADNUR, bus, nur, sp, sh, ted 

01 President f r T _ ni __ u 

03 Executive Assistant Mr. Edward A. Knight 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs D r. Harvey a. Craft 

15 Director of Personnel He. Hax T Deall 

30 Vice Pres for External Affairs., Dr. O. Wendell Smith 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Gloria W Raine* 

37 Director of Financial Aid He i h G \ c ff 

10 Vice Pres Financial Affairs ..? Dr. George H ? H 5xel 

08 Director of the library Er. David L. Payne 

06 Ria1 C tr C ° f idlsisslons «t- daoes E. Alinder Jr. 

•58 n^ 9 D f r -K at r PE0Cessin 9 Hr. Ernest A.” Bane j£? 

58 Dean of the Graduate School.... Dr. Jamas T. Murrell Jr 

49 Dean Sch Arts and Sciences “baile! 5 LuSt 

53 Act g Dean School Education Dr? Maude d!" ^ 

59 Dean School Heme Economics Dr. Thrath C. Curry 

66 Act g Dean School of Nursing Mrs. Annette K. Barra? 

MISSISSIPPI VALLEY STATE UNIVERSITY 

comty"* Congressional District: 2 

LlaKhefme 254 ’ 9041 EntiJMaiSK^fjjUSo-lsSs^l 

Enrollment: 2,734 Coed 

control: State 0ndergrad,jat6 Tultic > n «nd Fees (In-State) s S750 
Highest Offering: Master's Semester 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: Liberal Acts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: SC, SART, 5W 

KSSiLVKSS;!?::::::::::::::; K r 

i: 

45 Dir Plan Mgmt 6 Accountability. ! „J. 5 A SSal 

2 :*• p* 

07 Dir Admissions s Recruitment !!. ^s? sacfc Thill 

SSSSJ ii ^ 

29 Director of Alumni Affairs . I 1 5o ? 

34 Dean of Women I ‘ ’hs" Patriot £ Y nlf d ° ip l 

49 Dir Art^ anC M Counseling Ms. ’Delores P. Vanderbilt 

49 Dir Arts and Sciences Division Dr . lla 6 “f 

50 Director of Business Division Dr? Cliff SilUams 

53 Dir of Education Division L , Nathaniel 

72 Mr of loch Division. I". M. uSjS m PorchL 

NORTHEAST MISSISSIPPI JUNIOR COLLEGE 
Cunningham Boulevard, Booneville 30829 

Conn tv • Pronto Congressional District; 1 

EsSbli^hed 6 1941 75G ' 7751 EBtiJ^SumJeSyf-l^eoSloSl^A 2 ? 

Enrollment: 1, 493 Coed 

Control: State/LoSjr 9 ”^^® TUiti °" * nd Fees {Instate) : *340 

i>S22.6St€r 


Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Eachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc, VDK 

01 President Harold T. White 

10 Fiscal Officer Rubye E . Hoods 

32 Dean of Student Affairs George H. Hughes 

NORTHWEST MISSISSIPPI JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Senatobia 38668 Congressional District: 1 

County: Tate F1CE Identification: 002427 

Telephone (601) 562-5262 Entity Number: 1 -64 -600- 16 ’0- A1 

Established 1927 • r . 

Enrollment: 2,427 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : S430 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, ADNUR 

os eside " t> ••■•••••• Mr. Henry B. Koon 

05 Adainv Asst for Acad Education Mr. James (*. Darby 

15 Director Student Development «c. j a mes shows 

26 Director of Public Relations Mrs. Ann Whitten 

10 Adminv Asst Fiscal Affairs hS! JaSie Norwood 

06 Director Admissions-Registrar Mr. Gary Spears 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. Jo | B P les 

on ° f Guidance-Testing me. John Caldwell 

33 ni ro^ lan * y AIT* 1 Mrs * Hargaret Rogers 

33 Director of students Hr shou^ 

U !fr^ ant r Dire f° r ° £ Students » cs - Linda Jackson 

14 Director Computer Center Mrs. Elizabeth Bobo 

PEARL RIVBR JUNIOR COLLEGE 

county A pi*ri 9 ! J° Congressional District: 5 

lC -, 0 FICE Identification: 002430 

Established 6 1921 795 " 4528 Entity Humber: 1-64-600-0960-A1 

Enr ollaent: 1,373 Coed 

Control : T " Ui °" *” a ( I s t a t j> = * 3 2 0 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's: 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC, RSTHT 

^ 2” Eia, " ,t Ot- »«r.in R. White 

: : : : ; 1 1 1 : : : : ! : ; : 

32 SfVSn 

33 Director of Student Life Dr. RebScca*A Jskei 

26 Director of Public Relations ...i..??... La'rr? s^JUrd 

07 Dir Admissions and Guidance Dr. willis H Lott 

75 Voc-Technical Coordinator.. Dr . James c.S^es 

PHILLIPS COLLEGE 

Countv^HaJr?^' Gulf P 0Et 39501 Congressional District: 5 
County. Harrison FICE Identification: 009221 

Established^ 1927 " 6-54 65 Entity Number: 1-64-044-3171-A1 

52 f „ undergraduate Tuition and Fees: J2?400 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Ouarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s: 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: JRCB, NATTS 

S k: x -: :::::::::::::: ::: - j 5 F 

37 Financial Aid Officer cs Ki J sen 

“S srs,s.*“ tal *“ 'i.5 

36 Director of !U.» ; " "“i; 

75 Dean Yooationai Pr og r.. s . 

PHILLIPS COLLEGE OF JACKSON 

2680 Insurance Center Dr, Jackson 39216 

rm.n+ v. Congressional District: 4 

Sablished 6 1973 362 ‘ 6341 EntitfSuJbeJ^S-M-OsS-T^I-AI 

coed 



221 . 


MISSISSIPPI 


Enrollnent: 242 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,250 

Control; Organized as Profit Baking Quarter 

Highest Offering; 2 But Less Than 4 years 
Prog ran: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's 
Accreditation: ajRCB, NATTS 

01 President Hr. Gerald C. Phillips 

05 Director Ms. Han Thompson 

10 Business Manager... Ms. celestine Gaddis 

14 Director of Electronics.. Hr. Marvin Benton 

50 Director Business Education Hs. Helanie Anthony 

53 Dir Bus Ed Evening Division Hr. T. C. Schilling 

55 Dir Elecs Evening Division Hr. Jin Dunston 


Countv Jones FICE Identification; 002435 

Telephone (601) 426-6346 Entity Number: 1 -64 -0 36- 454 2-A 1 

Established 1955 

Enrollment; 56 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees; $760 

Affiliation: Baptist t Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 rear Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 

Ollre^den^":.. 3 !".... Rev. Eugene Hut phy 

06 Registrar°^ libraiy * .‘"""“I H T. 1 1 ! IV.*. ' hJ Earl Knight 

05 Academic Dean Mc ‘ n ‘. 11 

73 Head of Bible Department Br< Nation vilson 


PRENTISS NORMAL ANE INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE 

Prentiss 39474 congressional District: 3 

County: Jefferson Davis PICE Identification: 002432 

Teiephone (601) 792-5175 Entity Number: 1-64-033-1616-A1 

Established 1907 Coed 

Enrollnent: 64 Undergraauat e Tuition and Fees: $1,980 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3IC 

01 President Dr. A. L. Johnson 

10 Fiscal Officer Hrs. P. D. Crosby 

08 Librarian Hiss Doris Walker 

06 Registrar Hiss Brenda Killians 

33 Dean of Men Hr. Willie Bickhaa 

34 Dean of Women Hrs. Lillian Troutman 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. W. V. Crosby 

37 Financial Aids Officer..... Hr. Hitchel Gaoblin 

05 Academic Dean.. Hrs. Bernice B. Williams 

30 Director of Development Dr. N. R. Burger 


SOUTHWEST MISSISSIPPI JUNIOR COLLEGE 

c lklnn< t Congressional District: 4 

CoSntJ- p£ke FICE Identification : 002436 

Telephone (601) 694-041 1 Entity Number: 1-64- 600-1081 -A' 

Established 1916 coea 

* Undergraduate Tuition and Paes(In- State) : $300 
Control: Local Senester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than « Tears 
Program Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor s; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 

o/pres?dent?!":.!' >r. Horace c. Holmes 

10 Business Manager hi*s‘ Frances B Hurcv 

or r -i JirnrLan Hiss Frances Hurry 

34 Dean cf Women ; Hrs. Helen Qregory 

32 Director of Student Personnel Mr. 

05 Dean instruction-D ir Guidance • nc * Ko *; aa " H , * 

06 Registrar-Admissions Officer Mr. Carles 

75 Dir Voc Tech Education Hr. K. L. Simmons 


RJ FORM ED THEOLCGICAL SEMINARY 

5422 Clinton Boulevard, Jackson 39209 

Congressional District: 4 
County: Hinds FJCI Identification: 009193 

Telephone (601) 922-4986 Entity Number: 1-64-042-8676-A 1 

Established 1965 Co ®* 

Enrollment: 251 Undergraduate Tuition and rees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
program: Professional 

Accreditation: sc, theol , , , . 

01 President Dr. Luder G. Whitlock Jr. 

10 Executive Vice President Hr. Ed H. Williford 

05 Academic Dean Dr. James C. De Young 

08 Librarian Hiss Sharon Taylor 

06 Registrar.... Hr. John S. Allen 

37 con troller- Student Affairs. - *® v * Ton Meyer 

30 Director of Development William B. Robinson 

26 President Emeritus Sew * Sam Eatterson 

51 Dean School of Education Dr. Norman E. Harper 


TOUGAIOO COM, ERE 

Tminaloa 39174 Congressional District: 3 

County: Madison TICE Identification: 002439 

Telephone (601) 956-4941 Entity Humber: 1 -64-0 30-3093-A1 

Established 1669 

Enrollment: 919 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. 

Affiliation: United Church of Christ semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: SC „ . _ 

01 President Dr. George A. Owens 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. Van S. All.n 

32 Dean of Students Mias Ernestine Holloway 

30 Vice Pres for Development Dr. Lawrence L. Durgin 

06 Registrar- Director Admissions......... Hr. Halbert F.. Dockins 

10 Business Manager Mr. Lee V. Jecnigan 

00 Librarian Mrs. Jeannetta C. Roach 

09 Dir Institutional Research............ Dr. Carl E. Washington 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. Curtis Shaw 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid....... Mr. Helvin Phillips 


RUST COLLEGE 

1 Rust Avenue, Holly Springs 38635 congressional District: 1 
County: Marshall VICE Identification: 002433 

Telephone (601) 252-4661 Entity Number: 1-64-030-3805-A 1 

Established 1866 , 

Enrollment: 630 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,125 

Affiliation: United Hethodist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: SC , 

01 President Dr. William A. McMillan 

03 Vice Pres Administration Dr. Benedict C. Njoku 

05 Academic Dean., Cr. Theophilus E. McKinney 

07 Dir of Admissions-Recruiting Hr. Harty poik 

10 Business Manager - Mr. Ho ° re 

14 Director Computer Center.... Mr. Ronald Moore 

33 Dean of students. Mr. James C. McMillan II 

26 Dir Col Rel and Development Mr. David L. Beckley 

32 Director Student Activities Mr. Milton Moore 

37 Director of Financial Aid.... Mrs. Fannie Lampley 

36 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Eddie L. Smith Jr. 

06 Registrar * ; * Bb J e 

15 Coordinator of personnel.... Miss Kathy W. Smith 

25 Associate Dean **• Ishmell »• 

27 Director of Public Information Hrs. Sharon D. tuvene 

51 Coord continuing Education Mrs. Lottie McMillan 

55 Dir Cooperative Education. Cr. Eugene Williams 


►SOUTHEASTERN EAPTIST COLLEGE 

4229 Highway 15 North, Laurel 39440 


UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI 

♦CENTRAL OFFICE 

University 38677 
County: Lafayette 
Telephone (601) 232-8441 

01 Chancellor 

25 Dir of University Research. 


congressional District: 1 
FICE Identification: 000022 
Entity Number: 1-64-600- 1 1 59- A 1 

Dr. Porter L. Fortune Jr. 

i ............... . Dr. Joseph Sam 


Congressional District: 5 


♦UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI MAIN CAMPUS 

University 38677 Congressional District: 1 

County: Lafayette FICE Identification: 002U4( 

Telephone (601) 232-8441 Entity Number: 1 -64- 600- 1 1 59- A ' 

Established 1844 Coe< 

Enrollment: 9,635 

Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees (In-State) : $95* 
Control: State Semestei 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, AUD, BUS, CLPSY, DIET, ENG, JOUR, LAW, 

HUS, PHAR, SP, SW, TED 

01 Chancellor Dr. Porter L. Fortune Jr 

05 vice chancellor..... „ . Dr. Harvey s. Lewi 

10 Controller hr. John w, Savag 

32 Dean of student personnel Dr. Franklin E. Moa 

26 Director University Relations........... nr. George M. Stree 

30 Dir University Development..... Hr. Rufus T . Jone 

07 Dir Admissions and Records............. Dr. Kenneth L. Hoots 

06 Registrar... Dr. Hanie B. Frank 

08 Director of Libraries Vacan 



IjlgSXS S2PPI 


09 Dir 
34 Dea 
27 Dir 
15 Dir 
29 Dir 
14 Dir 
3 7 Dir 

3 6 Dir 
71 Dir 
56 Dir 
50 Dea 

4 9 Dea 

5 0 Dea 
53 Dea 

5 4 Dea 
6 1 Dea 
67 Dea 

6 2 Dir 
00 Dir 


n B o5 5 lit ..:*: and Pla " °f- j r so - Nichois 

ector of Public I tifor cation* .*.'.*.* ~.\\ hr ^livin'* * 

ector of Personnel .....Dr , ?h L 

ector of Alunni Activities . y s ml 

sSIS 1=^-:::::::::::::.-^^ “ 

actor of Placement Mr Ha „ r , l H , r+4n 

actor Summer Session Cc Charles E >fove = 

Dtv Continuing Education Ac. Eurico l\ Inman 

n oi the Graduate School Er. JoseDh Sse 

n School °n 0f ai* 360 ® 1 Acts * Dr - Gerald V. Walton 

n School Dus Ad mi lustration- Dr. Lvnn Snruill 

n of School of Education ic^S . 

n of school of Engineering Dr. Allie H. Smith 

n of h ° C °{ L ? V Dc - Farhaa H. Williams Jr. 

f ° e pharBac Y Cr. Wallace L. Guess 

Grad Sch-Lib C Info Sci or. Ellis e. Tucker 

ector School cf Accountancy - Cr. Edvard _ E. Milam 


♦UNIVERSITY OP MISSISSIPPI MEDICAL CENTER 

2500 North State Street, Jackson 39216 

. Congressional District: 4 

County. Hinds FICE Identification: 004608 

Telephone (601) 907-3500 Entity Number: 1-64-600-8520-A2 

Established 1955 - . 

Enrollmont: 1,510 

„ , Undecgraduata Tuition and Fees (I n-State) : 5843 

Control: state other 

Highest Offering; Doctorate 

Program; Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 

Accreditation: SC, ANEST, CVTO, DENT, DJI, IPSY, MED, MR A, NT, 
1IMT, NUR, PTA,. RAC, BSTI1T 

02 Vice Chanc for Health Affairs Dr. Herman C. Nelson 

10 Asst Vice chanc Business Aff Mr. Frank c. Zimmerman 

06 Dir Stdnt Serv-Rec S Hegistrar Dr. Dilly M. Bishop 

08 Librarian. ............ Miss Irene Graham 

26 Director Public Relations Miss Barbara Austin 

29 Alumni Secretary Hr . ifHUaa C. Price 

14 Director Computer Services Hr. jerry Barber 

15 Director of Personnel. Hr. W. Donald Seagrove 

50 Asst Vice Chanc Grad Studies Dr. Den II. Douglas 

72 Dean Sch Blth Related Profess Dr. Thomas E. Freeland 

66 Dean of School of Nursing Dr. Edrie J. George 

63 Dean of the School of Medicine Cr. Norman c. Nelson 

52 Bean of School of Dentistry Dr. Wallace V. Mann 

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MISSISSIPPI 

Southern Station Box 1, Hattiesburg 3940 1 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Forrest ' FICE Identification: 002441 

Telephone (601) 266-7101 Entity Number: 1- 64-600-081 8-A1 

Established 1910 Coed 

Enrollment; 12,753 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $826 
Control; state Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 

Prof ess lo na 1 

Accreditation; SC, A UD, BUS, C1PSY, COPSY, DIET. ENG T, LIB, 

HT, MUS, NUR, SP, SH, TED 

01 President Dr. Aubrey K. Lucas 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs........ Dr. Charles W. Moorman 

30 Vice Pres for Administration Dr. Shelby F. Thames 

10 Vice Pres for Dus and Finance D.r. Thoaas G. Estes 

32 Vice Pres for Student Affairs... Dr. Peter E. Durkee 

06 Registrar.............. Mr. Danny H. Montgomery 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Charles B. McNeil 

09 Dir Institutional Rosearch Dr. Sidney E. Weatherford 

00 Librarian Hr. Grover c. Ashley 

25 Dir Ros C Sponsored Programs Dr. William G. Brundage 

29 Alumni Secretary Mr. Fovell G. Ogletree 

37 Dir Stdnt Aid and Scholarships Mr. William 6. Fron 

36 Director of Placement Hr. Carl c. Lawrence 

14 Director of Computer Center Hr. William c. Scruggs 

26 Director Public Relations Hr. William 2 . Kirkpatrick 

51 Dean Cont Ed-Public Service..... Dr. Joseph E. Tinnon 

5fi Dean of the Graduate School. Dr. Robert T. Van Aller 

53 Dean College Ed and Psychology Dr. Bobby D. Anderson 

70 Dean School of Social Work.... , Dr. Shirley j. Jones 

49 Dean College of Liberal Arts..... Dr. James H. Sims 

50 Dean College Dus Administation Ir. Joseph A. Greene 

57 Dean College of Fine Arts.. Dr. John E. Green 

59 Dean School of Heme Economics.... Dr. Sarah W. Gibbs 

66 Dean of School of Nursing ...... ; ... . Cr. Elizabeth C. Harkins 

68 Dean Hoalth-Phy Ed-Recreatlon .......... . Dr. Walter E. Cooper 

72 Dean Col of Sci and Technology Dr. Gary C. wildman 

62 Dean Sch of Library Service.... Dr. Onva K. Boshears 

71 Dean of Honors College....... Dr. Wallace G. Kay 


UTICA JUNIOR COLLEGE 

Utica 39175 Congressional District: 4 

county: Hinds FICE Identification: 002445 

Telephone (601) 385-6062 Entity Humber: 1-64-600- 1 161 -A1 

Established >903 Coed 

Enrollment: 917 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $310 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: SC 

01 President Hr. J. Louis Stokes 

05 Academic Dean Dr. George E. Barnes 

10 Business Manager Sc. Adam Jenkins 

32 Dean of Students Hr. Johnny Crisler 

06 Registrar Mrs. Ellestine Turner 

08 Librarian Mrs. Alma Fisher 

09 Instnl Research Director Dr. Eugene Gaston 

14 Computer Center Director Mr. William Walker 

26 Public Relations Director Ms. Willie Mae Ealley 

36 Director Student Placement Mr. Lonnie Ifaynie 

37 Director Financial Aid Mr. Terry Collins 

51 Dir of continuing Education Mr. Thurman Mitchell 

75 Dir of Vocation Education Dr. Worth Haynes 

WESLEY COLLEGE 

P O Box 69, Florence 39073 Congressional District: 3 

County: Rankin FICE Identification: 011461 

Telephone (601) 845-2265 Entity Number: 1 -74 - 1 33- 9050- A 1 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 66 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,050 

Affiliation: Other Protestant Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dev. David A. Watson 

05 Academic Dean Mrs. Frances Allen 

10 Business Manager Hr. D. Frank Gilmore 

3« Dean of Women Mrs. Janice Parker 

07 Dean of Admissions Rev. Elmo McGuire 

32 Dean of student Affairs Hr. Steve Shovan 

WILLIAM CAREY COLLEGE 

Hattiesburg 39401 Congressional District: 5 

County: Forrest FICE Identification: 002447 

Telephone (601) 582-5051 Entity Number: 1-64-032-9300-A1 

Established 1906 Coea 

Enrollment: 1,761 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,010 

Affiliation: southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering; Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: SC, MUS, NUR 

01 president Dr. James R. Noonkester 

03 Administrative Vice President Dr. Hugh L. Dickens 

05 Academic Vice President Dr. Joseph M , Ernest 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Jackson D. Sims 

SI Kf^istrar Mrs, sarah G. Emerson 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Antonio R. Pascalo 

08 Librarian.. Mr. Young S. Lee 

32 Vice President Student Affairs.* • Dr. Rebecca Thompson 

26 Director of Public Relations Miss Jolauren Davis 

37 Director of Student Aid Mr. Conald E. Sones 

64 Dean of the School of Music Dr. John Morgan 

66 Dean of School cf Nursing Dr. Flora Blackstock 

49 Dean School Arts and Sciences Dr. Joseph M. Ernest 

50 Dean School Bus Administration Dc. Jerry King 

58 Dean of the Graduate School.... Dr. Hugh L. Dickens 

56 Dean of Continuing Education Mr. Jack Rogers 

WOOD JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P 0 Drawer c, Mathiston 39752 Congressional District: 2 

county: Webster FICE Identification: 002448 

Telephone (601) 263-0128 Entity Humber; 1 -64-030-3094-A1 

Established 1886 Coea 

Enrollment: 209 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $950 

Affiliation: United Methodist other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: sc 

In Rres * den ** Dr. Felix A. Sutphin 

10 Bus Mgr-Director Development Mr. Hugh T, Ector 

05 Academic Dean Mrs. Barbara Crawford 

11 ffhr.rf J a8ntS Dr * Bobb * »• 

08 Librarian Mrs. Rosabella j. Land 



ms souft i 


ASSEMBLIES OF GOD GRADUATE SCHOOL 

1845 Boonville Avenue, Springfield 65802 

Congressional District: 7 
county: Greene PICE Identification: 012120 

Telephone (417) 662-2781 Entity Nuaber: 1-43-100-2542-A1 

Established 1972 Coed 

Enrollment: 203 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Assemblies of God Church 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: Master's; Ho Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President .. Dr. Thomas F. Zimmerman 

03 Executive Vice President Dr. Ronald £. Cottle 

08 JLead Librarian - Rev. Larry L. Haight 

06 Registrar Mrs. Dorothea 0. Lotter 

10 Chief Business Officer Rev. I. Chris Curry 

73 Chairman Theology Department Dr. Willia® W. Menzies 

71 Chairman Missions Departnent Dr. Delbert H. Tarr Jr. 

56 Director Extension Education Rev. Harris L. Jansen 


AVILA COLLEGE 

11901 Wornall Road, Kansas City 64145 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Jackson PICE Identification: 002449 

Telephone (8 16) 942- 8400 Entity Humber: 1-44-061-7326-A 1 

Established, 19 16 Coed 

Enrollment: 2, 005 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $2,449 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: Mil , MBA, MRT , HUR, sw 


01 President Sr. Olive L. Dallavis 

05 Academic Dean Hr. G. Richard Scott 

32 Dean of Students Mr. Lynn Cupkie 

06 Registrar Sc. Jean Bink 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Gary Forney 

00 Librarian sr. Una H. Brumback 

10 Business Manager Vacant 

09 Dir Instnl Research and Grants Mrs. Patricia Martin 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. P. Carter Beck 


BAPTIST ElfiLE COLLEGE 

628 Bast Keari.ey, Springfield 65803 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Greene FICE Identification: 013208 

Telephone (417) 869-9811 Entity Number: 1-44-056-7840-A1 

Established 19 50 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,966 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $760 

Affiliation: Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering; 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr. William E. Dowell 

45 Vice President... Dr. Parker Dailey 

05 Academic Dean... Dr. Hunter B. Sherman 

10 Business Manager Mr. Wayne L. Edwards 

30 Director of Development Mr. Don Woodworth 

32 Doan of Students Dr. Billy V. Bartlett 

07 Dir Admis-Finan Aid-Recruit Miss Dana L. Sprinkle 

08 Head Librarian Miss Nitsa Hindelah 

36 Dir Chrstn Service- stdnt Place Mr. Ray Adams 

06 Ragistrar Hr. Rodney c. Panyik 

BASIC INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 

4455 Chippewa, Saint Louis 63116 Congressional District: 1 
County: Saint Louis FICE Identification: 012044 

Telephone (314) 771-1200 Entity Number: 1-43-079-6986-A1 

Established 1964 Coed 

Enrollment: 185 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,680 

Control: Organized as Profit Making Quarter 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s 
Acer editat ion: N AITS 

01 President... Mr. James A. Zoeller 

05 Director of Academics. Mr. R. L. Hiller 

07 Director Admissions Mr. Joseph Penrod 

13 Director Information Systems Mr. Edward Feldman 

55 Director Evening Division..-. Mr. Donald Goodwin 


CALVARY BIBLE COLLEGE 

Kansas city 64147 
County: Jackson 


Congressional District: 5 
FICE Identification: 002450 


Telephone (816) 322-01 10 Entity Number: 1-43- 605-268 1 -A 1 

Established 1961 Coed 

Enrollnent: 496 Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: J1,7’0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 

Accreditation: BI 

01 President Dr. Leslie P. Madison 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Warren Bathke 

10 Vice Pres for Bus and Finance Mr. James E. Roembke 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Taylor Gardner 

06 Registrar. Bev. Jesse Hensarling 

26 Director of Public Relations...... Mr. Reggie Gregg 

38 Dir of Christian Ministries Hr. Hubert Hartzler 

08 Librarian Hiss Hilda Kroeker 

58 Director of Graduate Studies. . Dr. Stanley udd 


CARDINAL G1ENN0H COLLEGE 

5200 Glennon Drive, Saint Louis 63119 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Saint Louis FICE Identification: 002^51 

Telephone (314) 644-0266 Entity Nuaber: 1-43-065- 35 16- A 1 

Established 1898 Men 

Enrollment: 94 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 51,575 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: HK 

01 Rector V Rev. Francis A. Gaydos 

10 Treasurer Bro. Daniel D. Gagnon 

05 Dean of Studies Rev. Harold B. Persich 

06 Registrar Celeste M. Brandhorst 

08 Librarian Mary Beth Gladieux 

32 Dean of Students Rev. Kenneth W. Jacobs 


CARDINAL NEWMAN COLLEGE 


7701 Florissant Road, Saint Louis 63121 

Congressional District: 1 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 029130 

Telephone (314) 261-2600 Entity Number: 1-43-108-5016-A' 

Established 1976 Coed 

Enrollment: 87 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,570 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: aNH 

01 President Dr. A. Martial Capbern 

05 Acadenic Dean Rev. Frederick R. Lang 

07 Admissions Mr. John E. Heariage 

08 Librarian Hr. Paul L. Anthony 

10 Business Manager Hr. F. Randolph Gross 

32 Director of Student Life Hr. Ernest A. Califana 

37 Director of Financial Aid Mr. Larry Sacknan 

04 Assistant to the President St. M. Michele Arnato 

36 Director of Career Development Miss Mary K. lueck 

06 Office Registration 6 Records Mrs. Janet G. Bahora 


CENTRAL BIBLE COLLEGE 

3000 North Grant, Springfield 65802 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Greene FICE Identification: 002452 

Telephone (417) 833-2551 Entity Number: 1-UU-057-7785-A" 

Established 1922 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,132 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 1962 

Affiliation: Other Protestant Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: BI 

01 President... Philip Crouch 

05 Dean Alan Phillips 

10 Eusiness Manager Stephen Valegir 

06 Dir of Admissions and Records David B. Drake 

08 Librarian Gerard Flokstra 

30 Director of De velopBent. Vacant 


CENTRAL CHRISTIAN COLLEGE OF THE EIBLE 

p o Box 70, Hoherly 65270 Congressional District: 9 

County: Randolph FICE Identification: 029144 

Telephone (816) 263-3900 Entity Number: 1-43-074-3910-Ai 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 109 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $896 

Affiliation: Christian churches - churches of Christ 

Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: SB! 

01 President. Lloyd K. Pelfrey 



MISS OURI 


224, 


05 Academic Dean. Allen W . Lowen 

08 Head Librarian Hr. Gareth L. Reese 

10 Business Manager Hr. Gerald L. Browning 

29 Development Officer Mr. Larry R. Smith 

30 Director of Development Hr. Charles ft. Eobree 

33 Dean of Men Hr. Donald E. Payne 

34 Dean of Women Hrs. Erma C. Fuller 

32 Chief Student Life Officer Hr. Roy C. Goldsbarry 


CENTRAL METHODIST COLLEGE 

Fayette 65248 Congressional District: 4 

County: Howard F1CE Identification: 002453 

Telephone (8 16) 248-3391 Entity Number: 1-43-065-4854-A1 

Established 1853 Coed 

Enrollment: 668 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,585 

Affiliation: United Methodist 4-1-4 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Tear Baccalaureate 

program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, HIT AD, HUS, TFL 
0 1 President Joseph A. Howell 

05 Dean of the College.... Ronald Bell 

10 Comptroller Cheryl Bradshaw 

06 Director Academic services Harilyn Dimond 

07 Director of Admissions.. Anthony J. Does 

32 Dean of Students James P. Thogmorton 

34 Assistant Dean of Students Robert Bradshaw 

37 Student Aid Administrator Louise Smart 

29 Alumni Exec Secretary.... Robert L. Bray 


CENTRAL MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 

Harrensburg 64093 Congressional District: 4 

county: Johnson FICE Identification: 002454 

Telephone (816) 429-4111 Entity Number: 1-44-600-0293-A1 

Established 1871 Coed 

Enrollment: 9,905 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $465 
Control: state Quarter 

Highest Offering: Beyond Waster’s But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, MOS, NUE, SP, TED 
01 President Dr. James M. Horner 

05 Vice Pres fcr Acad Aff-Pcovost Dr. Catherine A. Tisinger 

10 Vice Pres fcr Fin and Admin... Dr. Tom D. Edmunds 

30 Vice Pres for Univ Advancement Ct. William l. stucker 

32 Vies Pres for Student Affairs „. Dr. Stephen It. Petersen 

04 Assistant to President Cr. Duane R. Sterling 

26 Director of Public Relations Nr. Carl B. Foster 

07 Dean of Admissions and Records Dr. A. Louie Sosebee 

06 Registrar Dr. Robert G. Boyd 

33 Dean of Hen Dr. Hollis L. Chalquist 

34 Dean of Women Hrs. Alice Gower 

09 Director of Research Dr. Willard E. North 

25 Dir Grant 6 Research Services.... Hs. Judy R. Kuhlnan-Harriso 

36 Director of Placement.... Mr. Terry L. Wolfe 

37 Dir Finan Aids-Veteran Affairs Mr. Herlo E. Howard 

29 Director of Alumni Relations Hr. Gregory P. Onstot 

38 Director Counseling Services Dr. Dale K. Helmick 

08 Dir of Educ Media Services.... Dr. Edward Harris 

15 Personnel Director.. Mr. Jack Lockridge 

14 Director of Computer Services Mr. Frederick E. Brauer 

19 Director of Public Safety Hr. James A, Huff 

51 Dean Sgh of Cont Education Dr. R. Clark Morton 

58 Dean of Graduate School Dr. Harold P. Sampson 

49 Dean School of Arts & Sciences Cr. Joseph T. Hatfield 

72 Dean Sch App Sci-Technology .. Dr. T. Rawleigh Gaines 

53 Dean School of Education Dr. Robert R. Gard 

50 Dean Sch of Bus fi Economics Dr. Robert B. Pierce 

69 Dean School Public Services Dr. Robert L. Marshall 


CHRIST SEMINARY- SEMIN EX 

607 North Grand Blvd, Saint Louis 63103 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Independent City FICF. Identification: 012459 

Telephone (314) 534-9410 Entity Number: 1- 23-740-5300-A1 

Established 19 74 Coed 

Enrollment: 203 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Evangelical Lutheran Church Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: THE0L 

)1 President . Dr. John H. Tietjen 

)5 Academic Dean...... Dr. John S. Dams 

52 Dean of Community Life...., Dr. Everett R. Kalin 

56 Director of Seminary Relations. ...... ...... Dr. Larry W. Neeb 

10 Dir Business Management.. ..... . Ms. Jeannette H. Bauermeister 

16 Registrar Rev. David E. Deppe 

)7 Director of Admissions. ................ ... Rev. Carl Graesser 


08 Librarian Ms. H. Lucille Hager 

36 Director of Placement Rev. Karl H. Reko 

30 Director of Development Rev. David E. Krause 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Dr. Robert li. Smith 

58 Dean cf Graduate Studies... Cr. Edgar M. Krentz 


CLEVELAND CHIROPRACTIC COLLEGE 

6401 Rockhill Road, Kansas City 04131 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Jackson FICE Identification: 029127 

Telephone <816) 333-0230 Entity Humber: 1-44-600-0294-A1 

Established 1922 Coed 

Enrollment: 240 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 3NK, aciIIRO 

01 President Dr. C. S. Cleveland Jr. 

03 Vice President Dr. C. S. Cleveland in 

06 Registrar fi Admissions Officer Mrs. Doris J. Jensen 

06 Library Director Mrs. Marcia Thomas 

09 Acting Research Director Mr. Ronald L. Rupert 

10 Controller Hr. William R. McPeynolds 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Mary Jane Newcomb 

75 Director Clinical Science Dr. Dwight F. Gerred 

COLUMBIA COLLEGE 

10th and Rogers, Columbia 65201 Congressional District: 6 

County: Boone FICE Identification: 002456 

Telephone (314) 449-0531 Entity Number: 1 -43-065-5667- A1 

Established 1851 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,322 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,350 

Affiliation: Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Semester 
Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor’s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Bruce B. Kelly 

45 Dean of Admin Services Mr. Donald L. Foster 

05 Dean of Faculty Dr. Jerry L. Harris 

29 Director of Alunni Affairs Mrs. Jane C. Crow 

26 Public Affairs Officer..... Dr. Judith Harris 

07 Dean of Admissions Nr. John J. Bart 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Mrs. Marcia Voss 

08 Librarian Mr. lyron Emerick 

10 Business Manager Dr. Kay Kanger 

32 Dean of Student Life Mr. Eldon Brennan 

33 Director of Student Activities Mr. William Gordon 

36 Counselor-Placenent Officer Dr. Bruce strnad 

13 Director Information Systems Mr. Robert B. Godfrey 

06 Registrar Mrs. Rachel Schmitz 

55 Director of Evening Division Dr. John Henricks 

CONCEPTION SEMINARY COLLEGE 

Conception 64433 Congressional District: 6 

County: Nodaway FICE Identification: 002467 

Telephone (816) 944-2216 Entity Number: 1 -4 3-083-99 25- A 1 

Established 1883 Men 

Enrollment; 96 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $1,450 

Affiliation; Roman Catholic Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts ana General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation; NH 

01 Rector and President... Rev. Isaac True 

10 Business Manager Rev. Malachy Riley 

06 Registrar Bro. Bernard Montgomery 

32 Dean of students Rev. Roger Schmit 

08 Librarian Rev. Nocbert Schappler 

26 Director of Development Rev. Donald Grabner 

05 Dean of studies Rev. Quentin Kathol 

CONCORDIA SEHINARY 

801 Denun Avenue, Saint Louis 63105 
■ congressional District: 1 

County; Independent city FICE Identification; 002457 

Telephone (314) 721-5934 Entity Number: 1-43-065-5869-A 1 

Established 1839 Coed 

Enrollment: 669 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod Quarter 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Progran: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, THEOL 

0 1 President. Dr. Ralph A. Eolhmann 

10 Dir of Cam Serv-Bus Mgmt Mr. Marvin M. Miller 

06 Registrar.. Rev. William J. Schmalder 

08 Director of the Library Nr. W. Larry Bielenberg, 

32 Dean of Student Life... Rev. Roland A. Hoptnann 



225 


HISSOOPI 


27 Director of Campus Activities Mrs. Gladys Suelflov 

26 Director Seainary Halations Dr. Clyde V. Kaainska 

07 Director of Admissions Rev. L. Dean Uempelmann 

37 Dir Housing-Financial Aid «... Hr. Arthur 1. Fcaynan 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. Richard 0. Schultz 

58 Director of Graduate Studies..... Dr. John W. Klotz 


06 Registrar-Dir Instnl Research Hiss Olga W. Days 

08 Librarian Mrs. Sharon K. Upchurch 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. John Mecklenburg 

29 Coordinator of Alumni Affairs Mrs. Janis Bran 

37 Dir Student Financial Aid Ms. Donna Herington 

36 Coordinator Student Placement.... Mrs. Audrey Calhoun 


COTTEY COLLEGE 

1000 West Austin, Nevada 64772 Congressional District: 4 

County: Vernon FICE Identification: 002458 

Telephone (417) 667-8101 Entity Number: 1 -44-Q54-S271-A1 

Established 1084 Women 

Enrollment: 337 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,100 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Yeats 
Program: 2-year Principally Dachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Evelyn L. Hilam 

03 Dean of College Dr. Earl M. Tinsley 

10 Business Manager Be. JaBes Nest 

06 Coord of Academic Records Vacant 

07 Coordinator of Admissions Vacant 

29 Coordinator of Alumnae Hus. Fan Davis 

26 Coordinator College Relations... Hrs. Dorothy J. Berry 

37 Coordinator of Financial Aid Dr. Henry H, Gregory 

08 Coordinator of the Library Mrs. Cornelia K. Hawkins 

27 Coordinator Public Information Miss Kim Maxwell 

30 Coordinator Stdnt Development........ Mrs. Reba E. Cunningham 


DRURY C01L2GE 

900 North Benton Avenue, Springfield 65802 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Greene FICE Identification: 002461 

Telephone (417) 865-8731 Entity Number: 1 -4U-055-20H9-A'’ 

Established 1873 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,303 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,855 

Control: IndepBndent Nonprofit u- i-a 

Highest Offering: Haster's 

program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HH, TED 

01 Acting President Dr. Jorge L. Padron 

05 Acting Dean of the College Dr. Charles H. Mercer 

10 Business «»• Pl PP ee 

06 Registrar Mrs. Gale H. Eoutvell 

07 Director of Admissions.... Dr. Eltjen Flikkeoa 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Miss Susan HcBcide 

08 Director of the Library Mrs. Judith Armstrong 

32 Dean of Students Mrs. Karen Sweeney 

33 Associate Dean of Students Hr- Dennis Day 

36 Director, of Student Placement Mrs. Ann -lains 

51 Dean cf Continuing Education Dr. Russell May 


CO VENA N'l THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

12330 Conway Road, Saint Louis 63141 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 004707 

Telephone (3 14) 434-4044 Entity Number: 1- 43-086-3 1 16-Ai 

Established 19 56 , Co *“ 

Enrollment: 164 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: so 

Affiliation: Reformed Presbyterian Church Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; Ho Undergraduates 
program: Professional 

Accreditation: Nil 

0 1 -President Dr. William S. Barker 

05 Dean of the Faculty Dr. David C. Jones 

32 Dean of student Life.. Hev. David B. Calhcun 

30 Vice President for Development Hr. E. Alien Ducie 

10 Business Manager f^ aE<1 J* 

07 Dean of Admissions Kev. hddison P. Soltau 

06 Registrar *«». Robert I. Thomas 

08 Librarian Dc * Jose P h Hal1 

CROWDED COLLEGE 

Mnn=?hn 64H50 Congressional District: 7 

Telephone (417) 451-3223 Entity Number: 1-44-066 8521 A1 

Established 19 63 

Enrollment. 1, 10 y D(jQrg ta(luate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $250 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Delov Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH Dc> Eell 8eea 

« ^rAca^ic 

10 Business Manager WW'.Ym . Herbert Engleman 

5rs. Barbara h ^ 

32 DeSrsJ an s ^^rs«;ice;.:.. sas; t K sss: 

09 Director Institutional Studies Mr, H lar v Divine 

38 Couns and Dir Place Services. 

36 Director of Student Placement *; JJJJ {JJ x ton 

75 Dean Voc-Technical Instruction Richarrt mext 

C ULVER -STOCKTON COLLEGE 

c* nt °» *3435 r^rsnrufSitSS'MSu; 

phone (314) 288-5221 Entity Humber: 1-43-061-0813-A J 

En rollment : J!? Undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $3,060 

Affiliation: Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory 
. Accreditation: NH nr . Robert H. Brown 

01 President. . .......... " _ Dr< Jav calhoun 

04 Executive Asst tc President... ''dc. Valter Reuling 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs schlager 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs........* * john*T. Hohman 

32 Vice Pres Student Services.. 


EAST CENTRAL MISSOURI DISTRICT JUNIOR COLLEGE 

P 0 Box 529, Union 63084 Congressional District: 8 

County: Franklin «« Identification: 008862 

Telephone (314) 583-5193 Entity Number: 1 -43-091-039 1 -A 1 

Established 1968 ' " ' oeQ 

Enroll n , Uni j e rgr ad ua te Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5340 

Control: Local SeoestBr 

Highest Offering: 2 Bux Less Than u Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 Year 
Principally Eachelor's creditable 

OlS'SSSit"! Dr. D™aldD. Shook 

OS Dean of B Academic Affairs Mr. Boyd H. Eversole 

10 Business Manager Hr - ? zanin 

32 Dean of student Services fj* 

08 Director Instrl Resources Dr ,\ Gac I D 1 

38 Director of Student Activities Mrs. Caroline P. Saucier 

37 Director Student Financial Aid tr* Lth s Dace 

H KSj.sf.-STrrrtM. ™ ^ 8 . **e±a. 

07 Director of Admissions coJJav 

72 Dean of Occupational Programs Hr- Michael Beoa 

51 Director of Adult Education Hc * «. Michael Reed 

EDEN THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

475 East Lockwood Avenue, Webster Gro ’®^X 9 onal Distti ct: 2 
. aint L0U is FICE identification: 002u62 

Telephone (314) 961-3627 Entity Number: 1 - 0 3-0 6 5-4 05 5- A 1 

Enrollment: 219° Undergraduate Tuition and Feemj^O 

Affiliation: United Church of Christ 
Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: NH, THEOL _ Dr> Roberfc T> Fautb 

11 »«-„*»«»;«; ■; ;;kk! 

30 Vice President for Development. ; ^ D.yid^P. Kar^ 

10 Business Manager Hrs . Ralph t asle\ 

06 Registrar ........ Dr. Warren Meh 

SS a;; • ; j i; 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Bugene s. wenri 

26 Director Public Relations. . Rev. B J ;„ V J® h „ e h 

58 Director Continuing Education Dr. Harcen 

EVANGEL COLLEGE 

1111 North Glenstone, Springfield 659 «2 ngcessional Pi5Uict : 

. „ FICE Identification: 0024f 

Telephone 1 ** 17) 865-2811 Entity Number; 1-44-058-9787-1 

Enrollment: i?612 Undergraduate Tuition and pess ^ e J^ 

Affiliation: Assemblies of God Church 
Hiohest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal occupational Below Eachelor's; Liberal 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 


flJSSOtJ BI 


.226 


accreditation: Nil, nus. ted 
0 1 President 

05 Academic Dean. . . . . . II II I * * nc * Robert H. Spence 

10 Business Manager III '**■'*' Dr * Zenas J. Bicket 

32 Dean of Students... I Hr * Geor 9 e F- Crawford 

30 Director of Development II I 0r * ** 3 hu f nan Vancant 

06 Dir Records and Registration! II rr J * B ? k ® lln 

00 Librarian. ••••« Cc. B. Arthur Erickson 

37 coordinator of * F ina ncia T Aidl 1 1 1 1 1 "V R * " ooce 

14 Director of Data Processing Jf* , * y9 F et 

07 Director of Admissions... 9 KC * Ja0l ?. S b * Davies 

* Mrs. Eva Bo x 

FONT BO II N E COLLEGE 

6000 Vydown Boulevard, saint Louis 63105 

ssj nSrsiisisStSin'Siuj 

SStliSW 1^17 2-3456 Entlty HUSbet: '-"3-069-4556-A1 
C a t hoiTc ergraduate ruition «* 

Highest offering: Master's Semester 

J** beral Sets and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, MUS, TBB F ' 

01 President „ 

05 Academic Doan IIIIII! Ha f! ett 

10 Business Manager II Marie Damien Adams 

0 5 R ea istrsr ftp, la cry Hays 

s: i Krsr«jss-a:a 

30 Die ector of D ev e lop.,„ t I. Hr . ^Thoa aa^E hi*aa n 

IIANHIBAl-LA GRANGE COLLEGE 

coontv* 1 Har!!n Congressional District: 9 

r L , FJCE Identification: 009009 

teteUlShed MSB EntltY NUBb0r: 43-0 70- 83 23- A^I 

a ff?ii ^ undergraduate Tuition and Pees: $1^760 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Teacher 
Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Gerald Martin 

05 Vice Pres-Dean Acad Affairs 1 1 . . . Dr!“aul SJclS 

29 Dean Develop 6 Alumni Affairs tr. Kenneth II. Pope 

10 Dean of Business Affairs.... Vacant 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Mr. Had* 

06 Asst to Acad Dean 6 Registrar Mr. Hoodcow Burt 

0B Librarian.... Miss Ann Sundermeyer 


HARRIS-STOVE STATE COLLEGE 

3026 Laclede Street, Saint Louis 63103 

. . „ . , Congressional District: 3 

County: Independent City PICE Identification: 002466 

Telephone (314) 533-3366 Entity Number: 1-43-600- 3220-A1 

Established 1857 r .. 

Enrollment: 1,076 

„ ^ , Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (Ln-State) : *450 

Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 year Baccalaureate 
Program: Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, TED 

01 President........ Dr. Henry Givens Jr. 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. George Hyraa 

10 Director Business Affairs Mr. Stanley Dalen 

32 Vice President Student Affairs Dr. Ronald E. Diederichs 

In nt^ C !° r Dr. John rorbes 

27 Director Public Relations Ms. Cynthia Todd 

13 Director Computer Services Dr. James V. Gorham Jr. 

06 Registrar... ...... Mrs. Mary K. Jones 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Valerie Beeson 

08 Librarian.. Hr. Martin R. Knorr 


JEFFERSON COLLEGE 

Hillsboro 63050 
County: Jefferson 
Telephone (314) 942-3000 
Established 1963 
Enrollment: 1,958 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (I n-Sta te) : $300 
Control: State/O,ocal Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Lees Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 


Congressional District: 10 
PICE Identification: 007102 
Entity Number: 1-43-079-3993-A 1 

Coed 


Accreditation: Nil , #ADVET 

01 President Dc . B. Ray Henry 

04 Assistant to t he ' Preside nt flE . Mel p. sics 

10 Business Manager Hr. M. F. Long 

32 Dean student Pers Services Mr. Norman E. Turnbough 

07 Director of Admissions Me. Sheldon L. Siegel 

37 Director of Financial Aids Ms. Lura A. McAllister 

36 Coordinator of Job Placement Mr. Robert P. Ross 

08 Librarian Mrs. Annie R. Gray 

bl Dean Adult and Cont Education Dr. Noel Koranda 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Hc . Pau i D . Moore 

75 Dean Voc and Tech Education Dr. Ray J. Walsh 

KANSAS CITY ART INSTITUTE 

4415 Warwick Boulevard, Kansas City 64111 

. . . Congressional District: 5 

County: Jackson PICE Identification: 002473 

Telephone (816) 561-4052 Entity Number: 1-44-054-G278-A1 

Established 1885 Coed 

Enrollment: 588 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *4,500 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 
Accreditation: NH, ART 

01 President....... John lottes 

05 Dean of the College Allen Jenks 

10 Vice Pres Finance-Facilities nonaid E. Cattelino 

32 Dean of Students Hs . Para H oelzel 

06 Registrar C Dir Instnl Res Ms. Elaine M. Hunt 

08 Director of the Library Ns. Ellen Lignell 

07 Director of Admissions Leonard B. Panar 

30 Director of Development Farrell straun 

26 Director Colla,. pSlaticno . . f "otart M mI 

UNIVERSITY OF HEALTH SCIENCES COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE 

2105 Independence Blvd, Kansas City 64124 

. , . Congressional District: 5 

county: Jackson FICE identification: 002474 

Telephone (816) 283-2000 Entity Number: 1-44-054-5280-A 1 

Established 1916 Co«d 

Enrollment: 616 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: *0 

control: Independent Nonprofit Trimester 

Highest Offering: First Professional; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: 0STE0, RAD 

» >S£^.:r S! 

SSSCSSrp::::; : •«: -.ssu^s. “ioSStiS 

®J-= ec ; oc Libraries M ias Marilyn J. Degues 

29 Ell llr U Jf Bt A£ f aiirs Dr. Winifred V. Massad 

29 Exec Sec-Treas Alumni Assn. Dr. Mary l. Buttervorth 

51 Dean Administrative Affairs Dr. Raymond M. Stevens 


KEMPER MILITARY SCHOOL AND COLLEGE 

congressional District; 4 
fice Identification: 002475 
Eltlblished 8 1923 8a2 ' 5623 Entity Number: 1-44-061-P916-A1 

Enrollment: 105 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: S2?225 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: 2-Year Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

S 3 1 B Gen - Loyd p - Rl'iddlehoover 

ol n”a Co1 - ,,arve y E * Keator 

in rnn^niii; Mc ‘ Becnard w. Hartman 

ll S;SSi:!i::iiii:i:ii;iii;:: ltcol Nr no KeJt d h H ; 8 E he 

So T D l^^?L of AdBissions 

KENRICX SEMINARY 

7800 Kenricfc Road, Saint Louis 63119 

--County: saint Louis PlMSlSnStEn 8 ?^^; 

Establish 68^1893 96 1-1,3 20 Entlfcy " UD,be,:S 1" «- 065-35 19- A 1 

1 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; M $0 
Affiliation: Roman Catholic u-ilu 

Highest Offering: Master's; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: NH, TIIEOL 
01 President-Rector.. Ro „ 

10 Treasurer 1 * 631 ' Re v Edward F.'tturph? 

10 Treasurer Rev. Daniel A. Ricci 



03 Librarian Rev. Myron Gohmann 

30 Director of Formation... Rev. Patrick V. Harrlty 

29 Director of Alumni Association Mr. Stephen H. laub 

Ob Registrar. Mrs. Mary J. Huetze 

KIRKSVILLE COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE 

000 West Jefferson street, Kirksville 63501 

Congressional District: 6 
County: Adair FICE Identification: 002477 

Telephone (016) 626-2121 Entity Number: 1-43-035-6250-A2 

Established 1092 coed 

Enrollment: 500 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Quarter 

Highest Offering: First Professional 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: OSTEO 

01 President Dr. Ilobert c. Moore 

05 Vice Pres Acad Aff 6 Dean Cel Er. James R. Stookey 

07 Dir Admissions-Dean Students Mr. Francis H. Walter 

10 Vice Pres Dus and Pinan Aff...... Mr. Ronald A. lochbaun 

06 Registrar Mrs* Billie R. Allison 

0Q Librarian Mrs. Georgia A. Walter 

25 Director Grants Administration Mr. Dennis G. Waller 

09 Manager Institutional Systems.. Mr. Oval D. Hiles 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Donald D. Webber 

30 Chief Development Officer Hr. Robert J. Prins 

LINCOLN UNIVERSITY 

Jefferson City 65101 Congressional District: 8 

County: Cole FICE Identification: 002479 

Telephone (314) 751-2325 Entity Number: 1-44-6CO-1O09-A1 

Established 1066 Coed 

Enrollment: 2,415 

Undergraduate Tuition and Feas(ln-State) : $450 
Control: state Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil # HUS, TED 

01 President ° r * James Prank 

05 Vice President cr ; j0 £ n Chavis 

02 Dean of Administrative Affairs Hr. Arthur E. Pullam 

32 Dir Student personnel Services Hr. Jesse Johnson 

26 Dean of University Relations Mr. L. R. Hughes 

30 Dir of Instnl Development Hr. James H. Garnes 

45 Dir of Planning and Analysis Dr. Jeanne E * ““ dl S 

03 Librarian Nrs. Froddye G. Ashford 

07 Dir Admis and Financial Aids Hiss Sharron Brown 

06 Director of Student Records Mr. Erskine Vanderbilt 

15 Director personnel Office Hrs. Cheryl A. 

10 Business Manager - Hr. Addison Williams 

71 Dir Summ Sess-Dean Cont Dr. Joe l. Simmons 

49 Dean Col of Arts and Sciences Dr. Thomas Pawley 

50 Dean Col of Bus and Economics Dc : J Cle 5 u ! 

72 Dean Col of App Sci and Techn... Cr. Edvard H. Wilson 

+ T11E LINDENW00E COLLEGES 

Saint Charles 63301 Congressional District: 9 

County: Saint Charles FICE Identification: 002400 

Telephone (314) 723-7152 Entity Number: 1-43-065-2649-fi. 

Established 1827 . _ 

Enrollment: 1,678 undergraduate Tuition and Fees, 53,050 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 
Highest offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

fi/pres?den^ i0n: N “' ^ Dr. Robert Johns 

„ _ _ . .... Dr. James r. noon 

05 Provost . - Emory 

36 Director Placement Services 7 MrS ‘ ^u^schwa rzba uer 

10 Dir Finan Plan- Administration Mr. Joseph W. Schvarzbau 

30 Dir Develop 6 Pub information * * L" 'll 'II'/a n \rott 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. Rickard „ l 

32 Dean of Students - Dr. 

55 Dean Linden wood Eve college Cr * Joh 

LOGAN COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

1851 Schoett ler Road, Chesterfield lwl Distcic t: 6 

County: Saint Louis FICE Identification: 004703 

Telephone (314) 227-21 C0 Entity Number: 1-43-074 6185^1 

Enrollaentf 563^ Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 


227 


MISSOURI 


Highest Offering: First Professional; No Lower Division 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: CH3R0 

01 Acting President Dr. Beatrice B. Hagen 

€4 Assistant to the President............. Fr, Helen Smith 

05 Academic Dean. Dr. Boliin P. Smith 

08 Librarian Harriet Hirschfeld 

07 Director of Admissions Dc * Gary Ditson 

29 President Alumni Association Dr. Odilia McLaughlin 

25 Research Director Cc * Barry Davis 

06 Registrar Jean Houston 

51 Director Continuing Education Dr. George A. Goodman 

MARYVILLE COLLEG B -S AI NT L0UI5 

13550 Conway Road, Saint Louis 63141 

Congressional District: 2 
County: Independent City FICE identification: 002482 

Telephone (314) 576-9300 Entity Number: 1-43-005-3369- AI 

Established 1872 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,351 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,230 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NK, ADNUR, IPIDER, NUF, RSTH, TED 
01 President Dr. Claudius H. Pritchard 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. John Burd 

32 Dean of Students Mr. William Allen 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Michael Gillick 

06 Registrar Dr. Robert L. Adams 

08 Dir of Instructional Resources Hrs. Pepper .oil 

37 Director Financial Aid «*. Gregory l. Ball 

45 Dir Planning 6 Instnl Research • Dr. Joe W. Dyer 

30 Vice President for Development Hr. Donald McLain 

10 Director Business and Finance........ Hr. Gordon Keopf 

15 Director personnel Services Mrs. Dianna Lamaect 

METROPOLITAN COMMUNITY COLLEGES ADMINISTRATIVE CENTER 
♦SYSTEM OFFICE 

560 Westport Road, Kansas City 64111 

congressional District: 5 
Couutv* Jackson FICE Identification: 009137 

o,“KhiJ B16 ’ ”!:??!? 

J? El.SUrt?S.Ki : ::::::::: ' » 

05 Director of Program Planning Dr. John H* Ga ^da 

15 Director Personnel Services Hr. James I). Sa “P®° a 

32 Director Student Development •• * ' 1"’’ Jl*, Ford 

09 Director Research 6 Planning ....Dr. J-* Ford 

13 Dir Management Information Hr, Michael ^ tan f 

27 Dir Connunications-Matketing. V t. Hiiliam A. 

30 Director of Funds Development Mr. Edward Davis 

♦LONGVIEW COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

500 Longview Road, Lee's Summit 64 063 . , u 

■ * Congressional District: 4 

Cnnnt v * lacksoa FICE Identification: 009140 

Telephone (816) 763-7777 Entity Number: 1-43-081-3 703- A2 

Established 1968 

Enrollment. ' ^undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) : $480 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Ml, ENGT fi< lekQ „ 

05 Dean «jf Instructional Services Dr. Arthur N. Wilkin 

32 Assoc Dean Campus Services. Dr. Jerom 

♦MAPLE WOODS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

260 ! » E Eariy city DlltE i„t, 

rlav FICE Identification: 00^13 

Telephone (816) 436-6500 Entity Number: 1-43-081-37Q3-A 

Established 1968 

Enrollment. 2 , 17 y ndejcgcaauate Tu iti 0 n and Fees (In -State) : 548 

So bosxg 

Control: Local 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 , v „. r 

program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's, 2 Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 

o/o Cre ?!inJ i0n: Na ' ADVS ' 1 * Dr. Stephen H. Bcainai 

02 President. • Robert Trevc 

05 Dean Instructional Services....... : “ r \?; ai £ia P. Bak< 

08 Asst Dean Learning Resources. Mrs. y Lrg J^ra L ambei 

51 Assoc Dean Community Services Mr. A. 


JJIS5CU El. 


2 2fl 


♦ PEHN VALLEY COM HUHITY COLLEGE 

3201 Southwest Trafficway, Kansas City 61111 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Jackson FICE Identification: 002464 

Telephone (8 16) 756-2800 Entity Hunber: 1-43-081-3703 -A4 

Established 1915 Coed 

Enrollment: 5,123 

Undergraduate Tuition and Pees (In-State) : $480 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, DA, MRT , PTA A, RAD 

02 President Mr. Andrew V. Stevenson 

10 Dean Instructional services cr. Dorothy H. Bright 

32 Dean of Student Services Mr. Edward F. Krekel 

08 Asst Dean Learning Resources Mr. John F. Herbst 

55 Assoc Dean Iostrl Services Vacant 

51 Asst Dean Community Services Dr. Chauncey D. Hoten 


♦ PIONEER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

560 Westport Road, Kansas City 64111 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Jackson FICE Identification: 028029 

Telephone (816) 753-4949 Entity Number: 1 -43 -081-3703-A5 

Established 1976 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,832 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5480 
Control: Local other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terainal Occupational Below Bachelcr's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH 

02 President Dr. Zelena H. Harris 

05 Dean of Educational Services Hr. Ashley L. Johnson 

07 Registrar Mr. David ziek 


♦MIDWESTERN BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 

5001 H Oak St Trafficway, Kansas City 64118 

Congressional District: 6 
county: Clay FICE Identification: 002485 

Telephone (816) 453-4600 Entity Nuaber: 1 -44 -06 1-8839-A1 

Established 1957 Coed 

Enrollment: 410 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $0 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Other 

Highest offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: HH, theol 

01 President.. Dr. Hilton Ferguson 

06 Registrar and Dean of Students.. Dr. V. Lavell Seats 

10 vice Pres Business Development.... Dr. C. V. Scudder 

05 Academic Dean... Dr. John C. Howell 


MINERAL AREA CCL1EGE 


Plat River 63601 Congressional District: 10 

County: Saint Francois FICE Identification: 002486 

Telephone (314) 431-4593 Entity Number: 1-43-082-9175-A1 

Established 1965 Coe( j 

Enrollment: 1,242 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $210 
Control: local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, DA 

01 President Richard p. caster 

05 Dean of Instruction Frank Leet 

10 Business Manager Gl0n Boux 

06 Registrar... • Virginia Rosenstengel 

32 Dean student Personnel Service Ralph Dickenson 

75 Dean of Occupational Education. . A. C. Sullivan 

51 Dir Eve and cont Education Barbara Maier 


MISSOURI BAPTIST COLLEGE 

1254 2 Conway Road, Saint Louis 63141 

„ , . Congressional District: 2 

County: Independent City FICE Identification: 007540 

Telephone (314) 434-1115 Entity Number: 1 -43—081-7015 -A1 

Established 1963 Coei j 

Enrollment: 434 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,220 

Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate " ^ 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President............... Dr. Robert S. Sutherland 

05 Interim Academic Dean., Dr. Leroy Hadden 


09 Dir of Institutional Studies Dr. Gordon Psalmonds 

32 Director Student Development Dr. Arlen Dykstra 

10 Director of Financial Affairs hr. Dennis Proffitt 

30 Director of Development He. John Gearing 

07 Dir Admissions-Financial Aid Hr. Charles Bobbitt 

06 Registrar-Director Records Mr. Michael Moser 

08 Librarian Mrs. Margaret Boyer 

26 Director Information Services Mrs. Joyce Lemoins 


MISSOURI INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 


9001 State Lina Road, Kansas City 64114 

Congressional District: 5 
County: Jackson FICE Identification: 002455 

Telephone (816) 361-6700 Entity Number: 1-36- 260-4699-A7 

Established 1931 Coed 

Enrollment; 952 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,345 

Control: organized as Profit Making Trimester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Professional 


Accreditation: ENGT , NAIXS 

01 President Charles R. levalley 

32 Dean of Students Thomas F. Davisson 

10 Dean of Financial Affairs Harvey D. van Sickle 

07 Director of Admissions Joseph Buechner 

36 Director of Graduate Placement Reich Gardner 

37 Assistant Dean of students Timothy P. Martin 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Duane M. Gowing 


MISSOURI SOUTHERN STATE COLLEGE 


Joplin 64801 Congressional District; 7 

County: Jasper FICE Identification: 002488 

Telephone (417) 624-8100 Entity Number: 1-43-081-3540-A1 

Established 1965 Coed 

Enrollment: 3,790 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $440 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, DA, DH, RAD, TED 
01 President Dr. Donald C. Darnton 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs Dr. Floyd E. Belk 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Dr. Paul R. Shipman 

32 Dean of Students Dr. Glenn D. Dolence 

06 Registrar Mr. George H. Volraert 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Richard D. Humphrey 

08 Librarian Mr. Elmer E. Rodgers 

27 Director Public Information Mrs. Gwen E. Hunt 

36 Dir Place and Alumni Services Mrs. Lorine V. Miner 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Willis calicott 

72 Dean for Technology Mr. James K. Maupin 

49 Dean Sch of Arts and Sciences Dr. Ray Malzahn 

53 Dean Sch of Ed and Psychology Dr. Mike L. Land 

50 Dean Sch of Bus Administration Dr. Julio S. Leon 


MISSOURI VALLEY COLLEGE 


P O Box 1000, Marshall 65340 Congressional District; 4 

County: Saline FICE Identification: 002489 

Telephone (816) 886-6924 Entity Number: 1-44-054-5286-A1 

Established 1888 Coed 

Enrollment: 366 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,254 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, IJ.S.A. Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH 

01 President Dr. Robert J. Glass 

05 Academic Dean... Dr. Winfield H. Bearcs 

10 Business Manager.................. Mr. B. D Livengood 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Kenneth Sibert 

32 Director of student Activities Ms. Judy Brace 

38 Dean of Students Mr. Donald F . Young 

06 Registrar-Dir of Placement Mr. Byron B. Banta 

08 Librarian Mr. John McCallum 

26 Director Public Relations...... Ms. Famela Sibert 

29 Director Aluani Relations Ms. Lani Thomas 

37 Director student Financial Aid Ms. Bertha West 


MISSOURI WESTERN STATE COLLEGE 

4525 Downs Drive, Saint Joseph 

County: Buchanan 
Telephone (816) 271-4200 
Established 1915 
Enrollment: 3,777 

Undergraduate 

Control: State 


64507 

Congressional District: 6 
FICE Identification: 002490 
Entity Number: 1 -43-083-00 18- A 1 

Coed 

Tuition and Fees (In-State) : *520 
Semester 



229 


flISSOPBI 


Highest Offering: 4 or 5 year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, SW, TED 

01 president Dr. Harvin 0. Looney 

05 Vice Pres Acadeaic Affairs Dr. Robert J. Nelson 

32 Vice Pres Student Affairs. Dr. Nolen B. Morrison 

10 Vice Pres for Business Affairs Mr. Kenneth L. Hawk 

30 Vice President of Development Hr. Hartyn w C. Howgill 

09 Dir Institutional Research Mr. Thomas J. Robinson 

06 Registrar and Dir Admissions Mr. George H. Ashworth 

0B Librarian Ms. Helen J. Wigersma 

37 Director Student Financial Aid Hr. Robert E. Berger 

27 Director Public Relations. Ms. Ann Meffert Bailey 

36 Dir Place-Offcampus Services Mr. William R. Kuacbler 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Marc M. Solomon 

3B Dir Student Counsel 6 Testing Mr. Marvin C. McDonald 

15 Business Manager Hr. Donald El. Miller 

33 Dean of students Mr. Forrest D. Hoff 

19 Director Traffic and Security Hr. Allen C. Forsen 

29 Coordinator Alumni Affairs Hr. Carleton E. schiraer 

49 Dean liberal Arts and Sciences Dr. Bob R. Scott 

53 Dean Ed and Applied Sciences Dr. Charles E. Coyne 

75 Dean of Career Programs Dr. Stephen L. Capelli 

55 Dir Evening School 6 Cont Ed Dr. George s. Richmond 


HORTHWEST MISSOURI STATE DHIVERSITY 

Maryville 64463 Congressional District: 6 

County: Nodaway FICE Identification: 002496 

Telephone <616} 582-7141 Entity Number: 1-44-6 00- 0030- A1 

Established 1905 Coe d 

Enrollment: 4,341 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $530 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 

Progran: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, MUS, TED 

01 President Et- B. J-* 0wens 

04 Assistant to the President 4c. Chuck Yeatch 

05 Vice Pres Acadeaic Affairs Dr. George V.. English 

30 Vice Pres Student Develcpnent Dr. John P. Hees 

25 Vice Pres Envrnotl Development. Dr. Robert E. Bush 

10 Vice President Finance Hr. warren Gos% 

07 Director of Admissions * Wc * 9, Goff 

32 Dean of Students Dr. phl1 Hayes 

36 Director of Placement.. Bc * Doa Ca rlile 

06 Registrar *• • * 1 ■ ■ 

08 Director of Learning Resources Dr. Charles w. Koch 

59 Dean of Graduate Studies Dr. Leon F. Miller 


MOBBPLY JUNIOR COLLEGE 

college & Rollins Streets, Moberly 65270 

Congressional District: 9 
County: Randolph PICE identification: 002491 

Telephone (816) 263-4110 Entity Number: 1-43-050-8094 -A1 

Established 1927 Coed 

Enrollment: B51 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(ln-State) : $314 
Control: State/Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: Nil , 

01 President Dr. Andrew Komar Jr. 

14 Director Computer center Hr. David Race 

03 Dean of Instruction Hr. David A. Kcopf 

07 Dean Student Sorvicos Me- James C. Husicx 

OH Librarian « ES * Sylvia Oliver 

10 Business Manager Mrs * Bose 

06 Registrar Bo f| ! 6 

30 Develop & Information Officer Hcs * Judy walker 

36 Director Student Placement Mrs. Judy HcConmon 

75 Dean occup and Adult Education Dr. Edward Bilderback 

NAZARENE THECLCGICAL SEMINARY 

1700 E Meyer Boulevard, Kansas City 64131 n . . . . 

Congressional District: 5 
county: Jackson FICE Identification: 002494 

Telephone (816) 333-6254 Entity Number: 1-44-055-2055-A1 

Established 1945 (kl , _ aoe . 

Enrollment: 464 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. SO 

Affiliation: Church of Nazarena 
Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 

T " E ° l nr. W ». «... 

Ss 'dS; 1 .!"*;; »<• 

06 Registrar and Adsis Dr. Robert E. crabtre 

08 Head Librarian « c * williaB C " niller 

NORTHEAST MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 

Kirksville 63501 eongceesional Distitct: 6 

Coon tv* Adair FICE Identification: 

Telephone (816) 665-5121 Entity Number: 1-43-600-5833-A^ 

Established 1867 

Enrollment: 6,170 , „ . ««n 

Undergraduate Tuition and rees(ln 5tate)^S340 

Control: State „ 

Highest offering: Beyond Master's But Less Than Doctor a 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's, Liberal 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
■Accreditation: NH, ADVET, MUS, NUE, SP, TEE charles j. McClain 
01 President Dale schatz 

04 Vice President... n’t" ’Darrell H . Krueger 

05 Dean of Instruction CE * ■ Vacant 

10 Dean of Administration. ......... *..... Terry Taylor 

07 Director of Admissions Mrs. Lea Myers 

06 Registrar... nr’.'ltobert M. Vright 

38 Dir Counseling and Testing... nr Terry smith 

32 Dean of Students.. ................. £ * ia u lnaa n 

58 Dean of Graduate Studies * 


PARK COLLEGE 

Mackay Hall, Parkville 64152 Congressional District: 6 

County: Platte FICE Identification: 00249B 

Telephone (816) 741-2000 Entity Number: 1-44-056-2040- A1 

Established 1875 

Enrollaent: 5,524 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $2,990 

Affiliation: Reorganized Latter-Day Saints church semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

o/SSJSUJ!?:.!!!:.!”! ....... h«o« c - dit 

al seaistrSr . . 1 . * »*• Eile€n Vest 

08 Librarian ^ . . . Dt - Harold F * Saith 

10 Vice Pres C Dir Bus Affairs Hr. Bruce w. 

30 Vice Pres of College Relations Hr. Charles J. Edwards 

07 Assoc Dean Adais 6 Stint Servs Dr ; ' J* 

37 Director of Financial Aids •• pa “ x "• G J; 

27 Director of Public Relations n s ' K " SiSSon 

05 Vice Pres-Dean Acad Affairs Dr. Barbara J. 

45 Vice Pres-Dean Admin 6 Plan... *K a ?»hnff 

49 Asst Dean Academic Affairs Dr. Theodore J. Kalthoff 

ROCKHURST COLLEGE 

5225 Troost Avenue, Kansas City 64110 ..... - 

congressional District: 5 

rnnntv Tackson FICE Identification: 002499 

Telephone (816} 926-4000 Entity Number: 1-44-054-58^3-Al 

Enrollment? 3?676 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees * ”,960 

Affiliation: Roman catholic 

R , oi , r2.°“b r .SJ : »;S t ::; - a.«ral; Teacher Preparatory 
o/prH!JenJ i0n! Rev. Robert F. Neiss 

J 3 Jresid;;;::::: 

05 Acadenic Dean * 1 , Robert i Pihale 

10 Business Manager and Treasurer BeV \r Pnnl D. Acend 

07 Director of Admissions y'/.Yto ' Jirll! 1. Hubble 

08 Librarian...... % r . Mvacd Eday 

11 ^rVrhfnTo"^ 

SAINT LOUIS CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 

1360 Grandview Drive, Florissant 63033 ongr6SBlonal Di3trictl 9 

En rollmentf 175 6 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees ^ 

Affiliation: Other Protestant 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate . , cts 

Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor s, Liberal A 
and General; professional 

Accreditation: BI Thomas V. McGee 

01 President^ Sr! Bari Beaty 

05 Acadeaic Dean • .... E Hayna rd 

10 Business Manager,.. - ; Mr il Robert pichards 

30 Development Counselor " Miss Joann Smith 

08 Librarian. ....... 



ijissou JB5. 


.230. 


3U Dean of Women . Kiss Chcis c f^ le 

33 Dean of Hen ; »*• Fced ?**** 

64 Director of Music « £ - Robert Ammernan 

68 Dir Athletics 6 Phy Education Mr. Fred Rodkey 

53 Director Christian Education Nr. Earl Beaty 

?3 Director of Missions Kr - Stephen Burris 

SAINT LOUIS COLLEGE OF PHARMACY 

4588 Parkview Place, Saint Louis 63110 , ^ „ _ 

Congressional District: 3 
county: Independent City PICE Identification: 002504 

Telephone (3 14) 367- 6700 Entity Number: 1-43-0 65-2675 A1 

Established 1864 c °^ 

Enrollment: 709 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. $2,800 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Professional 
Accreditation: Nil, PHAR 

01 President «*• chacle * C 1 

05 n ean Dr. Eyron A. Barnes 

?0 Comptroller Mr. Alvin F. Kracht 

32 Dean Stdnt Af fa irs-Adsissions Dr. Taylor E. Landhorst 

nfi neffistcar Miss Mathilda M. Baisch 

08 Sibr«iaS Kiss Helen F - Silverman 

37 Financial Aids Officer. Mr* n 3lte ,L L p H ^w"e 

36 Director of Placement Services Dr. Joe E - 

29 Director Alumni Relations Hr. Kenneth G. Nickel 

SAINT LOUIS COMMUNITY COLLEGE ADMINISTRATIVE CENTER 
♦CENTRAL 0FPICE 

5801 Wilson Avenue, Saint Louis 63110 ...... 3 

Congressional District: 3 

County: Independent City PICE 

Telephone (314) 644-9550 Entity Humber: 1-43-078-6590 A1 

01 rha ncellor Dr. Richard K. Greenfield 

10 Vice Chanc for Administration Hr. John C. Robertson 

45 Vice Chanc Plan-Acad Affairs .. Dr. Rus F. Slicker 

26 Dir Community Relations !lc * R ° be ^ t u H ‘ * 

15 Director Personnel Services Mr. Richard H. Reynolds 

14 Director Data Systems " r, r „:“h 

08 Dir Instnl Hes-Tech Services Ms. Cathye J ‘ Bunch 

06 Supv Central Student Records Hr. ihomas D. Riethmann 

51 Dean Inst Continuing Education Mr. James K. Lahr 

♦SAINT LOUIS COHHUNITY COLLEGE AT FLORISSANT VALLEY 
3400 pershall Road, Saint Louis 63135 


Program: Terminal Occupational Belov Bachelor's; 2- Year 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, DA, 0«, FUSER, HLTAD , RAD, RSTH , 


Congressional District: 9 
PICE Identification: 002470 
Entity Number: 1-43-078-6590- A2 

Coed 


Coun tys Saint Louis 
Telephone (3 14) 5S5-42Q0 
Established 1962 

, undocgradaate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $555 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Prog can: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's creditable 


Accreditation: NH, ADNUR, ART, EHGT 










.... Hr. Glenn J. wiegert 















.. nr. Vincent E. Freeman 



















49 

51 

Associate Dean Human Sciences 

Asst Dean Continuing Education 

..... Hs. Sharon McPherron 
..... Hr. Donald F . Tanner 



RSTHT 


05 




.. Cr. Gwendolyn Stephenson 










38 

37 




Hr. Edwin F. Bailey 


Mr. William Karabas 



... Hs. Elizabeth E. Halpin 

00 

36 







27 



49 




Hr. Daniel Miller 




57 

51 

Asst Dean Continuing Education 



♦SAINT LOUIS COHHUNITY COLLEGE AT FCREST PARK 

5600 Oakland Avenue, Saint Louis 63110 , . , ^ 

Congressional District: 3 
county: Independent city PICE Identification: 002471 

Telephone (314) 644-9100 Entity Number: 1-43-078-6590- A6 

Established 1962 Coed 

Enrollment: 6,688 ^ , * E cc 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : 5555 
Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 


♦ SAINT LOUIS COHHUNITY COLLEGE AT HER AH EC 

11333 Big Bend Blvd, Kirkwood 63122 . . . „ 

Congressional District: 8 

v . saint Louis FICE Identification: 002472 

Telephone (314) 966-7500 Entity Number: 1-43-070-6590-A3 

Established 1962 l - oea 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In -State) : $555 
control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's, 2 Year 
principally Bachelor's creditable 

02 »*• Glynn *• clack 

05 Dean of Instruction Q p‘ . Ja j^ D Donnellv 

32 Dean Student Services Dr. Robert J. 

10 Director of Business Services Mr. Richard S. Walker 

07 Director Admissions 6 Records nr. James E. Ash mor. 

08 Assoc Dean Instrl Resources ” c ‘ ?* . M v 

38 Director of Counseling Dr *, N ^ cha0 J A * 

37 Director of Student Aid Mr. Richard A. Lessmann 

19 College Police Chief " C ' „ Bi 

06 Assistant Registrar ••• 

27 Cmty Relations Specialist Ms. Shyrln W. Schutt 

57 Associate Dean of Arts 

50 Associate Dean of Business Dl h ««^ 9 pi.i1m 

72 Assoc Dean Science-Technology Mr. Henry P«lle« 

49 Assoc Dean Social Science... " a * Carol F. Miller 

51 Asst Dean continuing Education Mr. Richard A. Black 

SAINT LOUIS CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC 

560 Trinity at Delmar, Saint Louis 63130 .. , 

Congressional District: 3 

County: Independent City FICE Identification: 002505 

Telephone (314) 863-303 3 Entity Number: 1 -43-068-7U06-A1 

Established 1923 

Enrollment: 72, Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $3,010 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: Master's 
Program: Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: HUS 

01 President S , te ? h ®" 

05 Dean...... Joel Revzen 

10 Vice President Administration * David Catanzaro 

06 Registrar Director Admissions Michael Christopher 

37 Director of Financial Aid.. Jane Childs 

08 Librarian « arion Sherman 

♦SAINT LOUIS RABBINICAL COLLEGE 

7400 Olive Road, Saint Louis 63130 congressional District: 1 
County: Independent. City FICE Identification: 011181 

Telephone (314) 063-9768 Entity Number: 1 -43-079-3830-Al 

Established 196 1 A "t* 

Enrollnent: 48 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees; $0 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Semester 

Highest Offering: First professional 
Program: Professional 

Accreditation: RABH . . , . 

01 Acting president Rabbi Yitzchok Kleiman 

37 Dir student Finan Aid......... Rabbi Reuben Axelrod 


SAINT LOOIS ONIVERSITY 



231 


MISSOURI 


♦ CENTRAL OFFICE 

221 North Grand Boulevard, Saint Louis 63103 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Independent City F1CE Identification: 003024 

Telephone (3 14) 650-2222 Entity Number: 1 -43 - 065-487 2-A1 

01 President Rev. Thomas R. Fitzgerald 

♦SAINT LOUIS UNI VERSITX MAIN CAMPUS 

221 North Grand Boulevard, Saint Louis 63103 

Congressional District: 3 
County: Independent City FICE Identification: 002506 

Telephone (314) 658-2222 Entity Number: 1-43-0 65-4872-A1 

Established 1818 *5** 

Enrollment: 9,413 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: 53,700 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Seaester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher preparatory; 
professional 

Accreditation: Nil, APCP, BUS, CLPSY, DIETJ, HSA, LAW, BED, 

MRA, KT, HUB, FTA, SP, SW, TED 

01 President Rev. Thomas R. Fitzgerald 

30 Chancellor Paul C. Reinert 

05 Academic vice President.... Rev- John H. Gray 

10 Vice Pres Business and Finance Hr. Joseph E. Lynch 

32 Assoc Academic Vice President DC. Gerald V. Baltz 

06 Registrar D ^* ! . Sel ® n 

07 Dean of Admissions Mr. Lcuxs A. Henard 

00 Director University Libraries Mr. William P. Cole 

34 Dean of Students Kias Hac y A ; Dreamer 

26 Director of Public Relations Hr. Michael ** 

37 Director Financial Assistance •* Br * Hu? tullcon 

30 Dir Counsel and Guid Center Dr. Richard c. Nickeson 

36 Cir Career Flan and Placement Hr. Thomas J- Potter 

14 Director Information Systems Hr. John R. HcGuigan 

4 9 Dean of Arts and Sciences Dr. Rolando E. Donachea 

50 Dean of the Graduate School Rev. Villi®* 

63 Dean of Medicine * H^^udolDh^uSsl 

50 Dean Bus and Administration Dr. John U. 

70 Dean of Social a ervice. ..... - Mr * K ? r F ay ll ®’ 

51 Dean of Metropolitan College Dr. Carl L. Karshman 

66 Dean of School of Nursing Sr. M “ c j[ 

69 Dean Sch of Allied Illth Prof Dr. Frances Horvath 

♦ SAINT LOUIS UNI VER SIT X- PARKS COLLEGE 

.SS’ffiSTfS.JiSiSlni 

n!S p£A. S w «» 337- 7*00 Entity <u.b.c> 1-«3-065-4«72-A5 

MreilMnt? 95 ” ond.cgtaiuate Tuition ana F »«>- *^560 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic Trimester 

K i ah est offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Professional 

Accreditation: NH, ENG seltzer 

05 Dean of ^ i ^ ^ ^ 

37 Dir ector Financial 'it'c, Kbb" 

14 Dir computation Center..... Mr. Ke ^ etB A B ; t W ^ mu 

15 Dir Personnel and placement... ♦* " * s downing 

26 Director Public Relations Hs * Nita s * uco '' n "V 

SAINT HART'S COLLEGE OF O'FALLON 

200 North Hain Street, O'Fallon 6336 % ongressional Dist rict: 9 

county: saint Charles FICE Identification^ 002507 

Telephone (314) 272-3420 Entity Number: 1-43-083 363 ® o *J 

HV OndargtaOuata Tuition Fo.na «£• 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 2-vear 

Program: Terminal occupational Below Bachelor s, 2 lea 
principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: NH, ADNUR Sc> Elizabet h seiman 

01 President... " Sr. Anthony Naes 

10 Treasurer.. '“""'qr. Ann Louise Schulte 

06 Dir of Admis and Registrar John B osco Sanders 

08 Librarian.. * >4 Sc , Bectille Rascher 

05 Dean ^ Bernard Quinn 

66 Director of Nursing. ...... 


♦SAINT MARY'S SEMINARY AND COLLEGE 

1701 V St Joseph, Perry ville 63775 1f , 

Congressional District: 10 

County: Perry FICE Identification: 002500 

Telephone (314) 547-6533 Enti t y Number : 1 -43-066-2507- Ai 

Established 1818 a 

Enrollment: 56 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. *2,500 

Affiliation: Roman Catholic 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General 

Accreditation: Nil , , , 

01 President V Rev. Hiliiam 2. Hartenbach 

05 Dean of Studies £* 

10 Treasurer Betf * Ba ^P*‘ T * 

na lUrarian Rev. John J - Ragan 

06 Registrar Mrs. Janice N. Taylor 

SAINT PAUL SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 

5,23 Truman Road, Kansas City 64,27 m(|1om1 Dlstrictt 5 

County: Jackson TICE Identification: 002509 

Telephone (816) 483-9600 Entity Humber: 1-44- O62-4810-A1 

Established 1958 

Enrollment : 161 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees. JO 

Affiliation: United Methodist 

Highest Offering: Doctorate; No Undergraduates 
Program: Professional 

”“i DC. HiUi«. K. M CE lvane y 

07 Director of Admissions n* * ‘amiamT^narks 

30 Vice President for Development 0c * c ' ShruB 

10 Business ‘.I * Dr! *e". * Dale Dunlap 

S! ms. a™ l. Biggin. 

SAINT PAUL'S COLLEGE 

ss-tS^uiSSt. nsraissss^sui! 

Telephone 3 (816^463-2238 Entity Number: 1-44- 056- 204 3- A1 

EnJollmeit? 162 3 Undergraduate Tuition ana Fees: ^1 ,0SO 

Affiliation: Lutheran Church- Missouri Synod ** 

0 1 * Act ^President ^6 Academic Dean * Leverne H. Baacke 

» SSIlTSfaS^Sii* occte«: :: : | ^ p5S5: 

« I!?”: . “SIS SSS l 

06 R D1 Tst°rar o£ DevelopBent 1 * •; ; ; ; : ; ; ; ; : : : : : : ;■ • i«o I“S. K SSS 

07 Director of’ iaiissions Baniel Frerking 

SCHOOL OF THE OZARKS 

D „, nf t nnkou t 65726 Congressional District; 7 

KlSlr* SIJlJ FICE Identification: 002500 

Telephone 0 ^ 17) 334-64,1 Entity Number: 1-4 4-055-6862-^ 

SSllMStf 1# 4 34 Undergraduate Tuition and yee ^ “,400 

Control: Independent Nonprofit 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 

Progran: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 

Accreditation: NH, HUS, TED ^ DE . ft . Graham Clark 

Dr. Howell Keeter 

1? UcS C ?£s foi’ Administration. ............ Dr. ViHiam D. Todd 

05 Vice Pres for Academic Affairs.......... Dc. "mSSi «o?S 

5! :::::::::::: ’■«: ' »*>° Ji 

l\ SKiasrafSISSSSi: 

33 infill 

3 . issocl.te D... of stints..... ........ - , ' C R ; b g“ s ?- Ana .„„ n 

29 ««• 


SOUTHEAST MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 

6370V 



USSSSiBJ. 


232 


Telephone (314) 651-2000 Entity Number: 1-43-600-3S69-A1 

Established 1873 Coed 

Enrollments 8,909 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $360 
Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Deyond Master’s But Less Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Eelow bachelor’s; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory; Professional 
Accreditation: Hit , 1MUS, TED 

01 President Dr. Bill w. Stacy 

04 Staff Associate Edward Spicer 

05 Vice Pres Academic Services Dr. Leslie H. Cochran 

25 Vice Pres Adain Services Dr. A. R. Meyer 

10 Vice Pres Financial Services Cr. Rotert W. Foster 

45 Vice Pres Plan & Development Dr. Michael C. Ford 

32 Dean of Student services.. Dr . Thomas Risch 

06 Registrar.......... - Mr. Alton T. Bray 

07 Director of Admissions.... Mr. Jchn A. Behrens 

00 Director of the library Dr. Janes Zink 

09 Dir of Institutional Research Dr. George E. Counts 

29 Director of Alumci Services Ms. Jane Stacy 

37 Director of Financial Aids Mr. William T. French 

27 Director of Hews Services Mr. Wayne A. Horton 

36 Director of Placenant Br. Larry Beard 

14 Actg Director Computer Center..... Mr. Don Krueger 

15 Director of Staff Personnel....... Mr. Rob D. Robinson 

3B Dir Center Student Development Dr. Griff D. Pitts 

66 Dean College of Applied Arts Dc. Arthur Rosser 

58 Dean College of Business Dr. Gene A. Loftis 

53 Dean College of Education Dr. Bilford 0. Holt 

57 Dean College of Hunanities Cr . Fred Goodwin 

49 Dean College of Sciences............ Dr. Donald H. Froensdorf 

70 Dean College of Social Science Dr. George Ketchas 

58 Dean School of Grad studies Dc. Sheila Caskey 

51 Dean Prog continuing Education Dr. Willard Morgan 

S00TUWBST BAPTIST CCLLSGE 

623 South Pike Street, Bolivar 65613 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Polk F3CE Identification: 002502 

Telephone (417) 326-5281 Entity Humber: 1-44-056-738S-A1 

Established 1B78 Coed 

Enrollments 1,376 Dndergra duate Tuition and Fees: $2,300 

‘ Affiliation: Southern Baptist Semester 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 year Bacca laureate 
program: Liberal Acts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: NH, HUS 

01 Chancellor Dr. James 1. Sells 

03 President Dr. Harlan Spurgeon 

05 Vice Pres Academic Affairs Dr. H. II. Smith 

09 Dir Instructional Advancement... Dr. Olan Runnels 

10 Vice Pres of Financial Affairs Mr. Paul La Due 

06 Registrar Mr. Jack Stevens 

32 Director of student Affairs Mr. Gary Brant 

34 Assoc Dir Student Affaire Miss Linda Cisco 

08 Administrative Librarian.. Hiss Eldonna De Weese 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. Jerald Andrews 

26 Director of Public Relations Miss Kim Bracken 

29 Director Alumni and Placement - Mr. Eric Moore 

13 Dir Information Systems Mr. Rod Oglesby 

14 Director Computer Center Mrs. Janetta Jackson 

SOUTHWEST MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 
90 1 South national, Springfield 65802 

Congressional District: 7 
County: Greene FICE Identification: 002503 

Telephone (417) 636-5000 Entity Humber: 1-44-600-0308-A1 

Established 1906 Coed 

Enrollment: 14,473 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $420 
Control: State . Semester 

Highest Offering: Beyond Master’s But Lass Than Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 
and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: HU, ANEST, SOS, sw, TED 

01 president Dr. Duane G. Beyer 

05 Dean of Faculties Cr. Robert K. Gilmore 

33 Dean of Ben. Du. Homer J. Long 

34 Dean of Women Ms. Sarah L. flickel 

09 Dir Institutional Research.- Hr. larry C. Gates 

29 Director Alumni Activities Mr. Janes l. Allwood 

38 Director Counseling Center Dr. Ottie L. Bradshaw 

15 Director Personnel Mrs. Mary R. Sneed 

10 Director Business Opera tions. ........... . Mr. Robert M. Peace 

07 Dir Admissions and Records Mr. Edvard F. Pierce 

08 Librarian . . Mr. Robert D. Harvey 

32 Dean of Students...... Dr. Thomas J. Wyrick 

27 Director of Information.... Mr. Donald a. Payton 

37 Student Financial Aids Officer Mr. R. Todd Horriss 

36 Director of Placement,. Mr. Wensey 0. Marsh 

14 Director of Computer Center Mr. Gene Ellis 


. . Dr. 

E. Howard 

Matthews 

. . Dr. 

Stanley F 

. Burgess 


Dr. Holt 

V. Spicer 

. Dc. 

Clifton C. 

Thompson 

... Dr 

. Patrick 

0. Copley 

. DC. 

Russell G. 

Bar nokow 

... Dr 

. Ralph W. 

willia ms 


Dr. Ilaldo 

n d. Funk 


04 Assistant to the President 

25 Director of Grants 

49 Dean Sch Arts and Humanities... 

72 Dean Sch 5ci and Technology.... 

53 Dean Sch of Ed and Psychology-. 

58 Dean Sch of Graduate studies Dr. 

50 Dean Sch of Business 

51 Dean Continuing Education Dr. Ilaldoti D. 

STATE FAIR COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

1900 Clarendon Road, sedalia 65301 Congressional District: 4 
countv* Pettis FICE Identification: 008080 

Telephone (816) 026-7100 Entity Humber: 1 -4 3-009-9766 - A2 

Established 1966 Coed 

EnrollDent: 1,399 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) ; $228 

Control: Local Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor’s Creditable 
Accreditation: 1IH, RSIilT 

01 President Mr. Fred E. Davis 

05 Vice Pres for Instruction Dr. Marvin R. Fielding 

10 Dir of Business Affairs He. Edwin H. Healey 

32 Dean of Student Personnel Dr. Joyce Fielding 

55 Dean of community services Hr. Robert il. Woolery 

75 Dean Voc-Technical Education.... Dr. Ronald H. Ilutkin 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Mr. Robert L. Solomon 

STEPHENS COLLEGE 

Columbia 65201 Congressional District: 8 

County: Boone FICE Identic icat ion :• 002 51 2 

Telephone (314) 442-221 1 Entity Humber: 1 -43-067-0936-A 1 

Established 1833 Women 

Enrollment: 1,513 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $4,17 j 

Control: Independent Nonprofit Other 

Highest offering: 4 or 5 Year Baccalaureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil, #HUS 

01 President..... Arland F. Christ-Janor 

04 Executive vice President Hetty Littleton 

05 Vice President-Dean of Paculty Eugene Sclimidtloin 

06 Registrar Bobbie Durk 

30 Vice President for Development Too J. Grippen 

32 Vice Pres-Dean Student Life Susan R. Bowling 

07 Vice Pres and Dean of Admis Martha G. Wade 

08 Director of the Library Willis M. Hubbard 

10 Vice Pres Business Affairs Don L. Ilonry 

27 Director of Information Dell Keepers 

29 Director Alumnae Programs Frances G. Gates 

38 Director of Counseling Beverly Prosser-Gelvick 

37 Financial Aid officer Gary D. Clark 

TASK IO COLLEGE 

Tarkio 64491 Congressional District: 6 

County: Atchison FICE Identification: 002513 

Telephone (816) 736-4131 Entity Humber: 1-44-055- 2036-A1 

Established 1883 Coed 

Enrollment: 586 Undergraduate Tuition and Fees: $2,025 

Affiliation: United Presbyterian, U.S.A. 4-1-H 

Highest Offering: 4 or 5 Year Bacca Laureate 
Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory 
Accreditation: Nil 

01 President Dr. Roy McIntosh 

08 Librarian Mrs. Wendy Noble 

32 Dean of Students... Mi:* Gilbert II. Noble 

37 Director of Financial Aid Hr. C. David Young 

07 Director of Admissions Mr. A. L, Ruby 

10 Controller... Mrs. Beth Alitz 

06 Registrar Mrs. Nancy Daugherty 

05 Academic Dean Vacant 

57 Div Chrmn Hue E Fine Arts..... Mr. John Duhinski 

65 Div Chrmn sci and Education Hr. Jack Schmidt 

70 Div chrmn Soc E Behav Sciences Dr. Harold Erraey 

THREE RIVERS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Three Rivers Boulevard, Poplar Bluff 63901 

Congressional District: 10 

County: Butler FICE Identification: 004713 

Telephone (314) 686-4101 Entity Humber: 1-43- 086-2849- A1 

Established 1966 Coed 

Enrollment: 1,075 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In- State) : $375 

Control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Years 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2- Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 



233 


MISSOURI 


Accreditations NH, DA 
01 President. ........... 

05 Vice President..... 

10 Business Manager 

06 Dir Admissions and Registrar 

08 Head Librarian...... 

32 Dean of studQDt Services.... 
37 Dir student Financial Aids.. 

09 Dir Institutional Research.. 
51 Dir Continuing Education...-. 


Dr. Jack L. Bottenfield 
. .. Hr. Thomas R . Burke 
. . . Hr. Morris W. Lutes 
.... Hr. Ben L. Pulliam 
.. Hrs. Edna E. Darnell 
. Hrs. Mabel A. Svindel 
... Hr. Killian D. Belt 
. .. Hr. Brad C. Barvick 
. Hr. Kenneth C. Howard 


♦•TRENT CN JUNIOR C0LIEGE 

1301 Main Street, Trenton 64603 Congressional Districts 6 

County: Grundy PICE Identification: 002514 

Telephone (816) 359-3948 Entity Number: 1-44-600-4574-A1 

Established 1925 Coed 

Enrollment: 516 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $200 
Control: Local Other 

Highest Offering: 2 But Less Than 4 Tears 
Program: Terminal Occupational Below Bachelor's; 2-Year 
Principally Bachelor's Creditable 
Accreditation: 3IC , . . 

01 President... - P ^ U J- A ; jj 10 * 1 ; 1 

05 Dean of Academic Affairs Michael Dennis 

06 Admissions counselor - John Berry 

08 Librarian • Richard Riley 

32 Dean of student Services William 0. Ausmus 

75 Dean of Occup and Cont Ed Gean P. Porter 


UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI CENTRAL ADMINISTRATION 


♦CENTRAL OFFICE 


University Hall, Columbia 65201 

County: Boone 

Telephone (314) 882-2011 

01 President 

05 Vice Pres fcr Academic Affairs 
10 Vice Pres for Admin Affairs... 
27 Dir Univ Information Services. 


Congressional District: 8 
FICE Identification: 002515 
Entity Number: 1-43-600-3859-A1 

Dr. James C. Olsen 

Er. Melvin D. George 

Hr. Janes R. Buchhol2 

Dr. Guy M. Horton 


♦UNIVERSITY OP M1SSC0RI-COLU HB1A 

Columbia 65201 Congressional District: 8 

County: Boone PICE Identification: 002516 

Telephone (314) 882-2121 Entity Nunber: 1-44-600-0987-C6 

Established 1839 Coed 

Enrollment: 23,545 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $822 
Control: state Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, BBT, BUS, CHE, CLPSY, C0PSY, CYTO, DIET, 
ENG, PIDER, FOR, USA , IPSY, JOUR, LAW, LIB, MED, MT, HUS, 
NMT, NUR, OT, PTA, RAD, R5TH, RTT, SP , SW, TED, VET 
02 chancellor Dr. Barbara s. Uehling 

05 provost....... Dr. Ronald F. Bunn 

10 Vice Chanc Admin services Dr. Ria C. Frijters 

30 Vice Chanc Alumni Rel-Develop Hr. G. II. Entsminger 

32 Vice Chanc Student Services Hr. Norman F. Moore 

13 Dir Campus computing Services Dr. E. Michael staman 

06 Dir Admissions and Registrar Dr. Gary L. Smith 

09 Dir Inst Research 8 Planning...-. Dr. Duane L. Stucky 

08 Director of Libraries... *■ Dr. John II. Gribbin 

37 Director student Financial Aid. ........ . Hr. George c. Brooks 

27 Director University Relations............ Ms. Sharon L. Yoder 

58 Grad Dean 6 Vice Prov Research. Dr. Don H. Blount 

56 Vice Provost for Extension Dr. Leonard c. Douglas 

47 Dean of Agriculture Dr. Max Lennon 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Er. Armon F. Yanders 

50 Interim Dean Bus-Pub Admin Dr. Ronald J. Ebert 

53 Dean of Education.. - Dr - Bob G - Woods 

54 Dean of Engineering Dr. William R. Kimel 

65 Director of Forestry Dr. Donald P. Duncan 

69 Dir Hlth Related Professions... Dr. Herbert S. Goldberg 

59 Dean of Home Economics Dr. Beatrice B. Litherland 

60 Dean of Journalism Hc - E °y M. Fisher 

61 Dean of Law hr. Allen E. Smith 

62 Dean Sch Lib S Info Science Dr. Edward P. Hiller 

63 Dean of Medicine Dr. Charles C. Lobeck 

66 Interim Dean of Nursing Dr. Gerald Brouder 

00 Dean Pub S Community Service... Dr. George F. Nickolaus 

70 Dir School Social Work Dr. Richard Boettcher 

74 Dean of Veterinary Medicine • • Dr. Kenneth D. Weide 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HISSCURI-K ANS AS CITY 
5100 Rockhill Road, Kansas City 64110 


Congressional District: 5 


County: Jackson 
Telephone (816) 276-1000 
Established 1929 
Enrollment: 10,824 

Undergraduate 

Control: State 
Highest Offering: Doctorate 
Program: Terminal Occupations 
and General; Teacher Prepa! 
Accreditation: HH, AHEST, BUS, 


FICE Identification: 002518 
Entity Number: 1 -43-600-3859-A5 

Coed 

Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $856 
Semester 

Below Bachelor's; Liberal Arts 

torys Professional 

DENT, DH, LAW, MED, HUS, PHAR, 



TED 


. Dr. George A. Russell 













32 

Vice Chanc for Student Affairs... 






Hr. Donald G. Brackhahn 




















.. Dr. Eldon J. Parizek 









51 

Director of Extended Programs.... 

Dr 

Raymond Gene Williamson 
. Dr. Eugene E. Eubanks 

50 

Dean Graduate Studies 

Dr 

Herwig G. Zauchen berger 
.. Dr. Marvin £. Revzin 




... Dr. Pasco H. Bowman 









54 

Director Engineering Programs.... 


... Dr. Donald R . Smith 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HISSOURT-ROLLA 

polls 65401 Congressional District: 8 

County: Phelps FICE Identification: 002517 

Telephone (314) 341-4114 Entity Number: 1 -43 -600-3859 - A6 

Established 1870 Coea 

Enrollment: 6,103 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees (In-State) : $898 
control: State Semester 

Highest Offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Professional 
Accreditation: NH, ENG 

02 Chancellor Joseph H. Marchellc 

05 Provost Dr- ion lin son Fort Jr. 

10 Business Officer Mr. Joseph D. Hollaed 

30 Director of Development Mr. Howard W. Eloe 

06 Registrar Paul E. Ponder 

07 Director of Admissions Hr. Robert B. Dev Is 

08 Librarian Mr- Ronald Bohley 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. I) . Ken Robertson 

33 Director of Student Activities Hr. Louis Moss 

09 Actg Dir of Inst Anly and plan,... Dr. G. Edvin Lorey 

27 Director of Public Information Ms. Lynn Waggoner 

38 Director Counseling Center Dr. Robert Barefield 

29 Director Alumni Activities., Hr. Frank K . MacKanan 

37 Director of Student Aids Hr, Ray L. Pendergrass 

36 Dir Place 6 Industl Relations Mr. Loren R . Muss 

15 Personnel officer Hr. John Dills 

14 Actg Dir of Computer Center Dr. Ortho R, Plummer 

56 Dean of Continuing Education Dr. G. Edwin lorey 

58 Dean of Graduate Study..... Dr. Adrian II. Daane 

54 Dean of Sch Engineering..... Dr. Robert L. Davis 

49 Dean of Arts and Sciences Or. Marvin W. Barker 

65 Actg Dean Mines and Metallurgy Dr. Ernest M. Spokes 


♦UNIVERSITY OF HISSOURI-S AI NT LOUIS 

8001 Natural Bridge Road, Saint Louis 63121 

Congressional District: 1 
county: Saint Louis FICE Identification: 002519 

Telephone (314) 453-0111 Entity Humber: 1-43-600- 3859-B1 

Established 1963 Coed 

Enrollment: 11,357 

Undergraduate Tuition and Fees(In-State) ; $830 
Control: State Semester 

Highest offering: Doctorate 

Program: Liberal Arts and General; Teacher Preparatory; 
Professional 

Accreditation: NH, BUS, CLPSY, TED 
02 Chancellor... Dr. Arnold B. Gcotoan 

05 Vice Chanc Academic Affairs..... Dt. Arthur MacKinnsy 

10 Vice Chanc Adminv Services Mr. John Percy 

06 Dir of Admissions-Registrar.. Dr. H. E. Mueller 

08 Director of libraries........ Mr. Ronald Krash 

36 Director Univarsity Placement Hr. Joseph H. Palmer 

14 Director of Computer Center........ Hr. Killian P. Heinbecker 

30 Director University Relations He. Dlair K. Farrell 

27 Director Public Information • ••■••> Ms. Susan Flowers 

32 Dean of Student Affairs Dr. Julia K. Muller 



